fWKvX83p0-ka4JS3dc6E5A	9yKzy9PApeiPPOUJEtnvkg	5	5	My wife took me here on my birthday for breakfast and it was excellent.  The weather was perfect which made sitting outside overlooking their grounds an absolute pleasure.  Our waitress was excellent and our food arrived quickly on the semi-busy Saturday morning.  It looked like the place fills up pretty quickly so the earlier you get here the better.Do yourself a favor and get their Bloody Mary.  It was phenomenal and simply the best I've ever had.  I'm pretty sure they only use ingredients from their garden and blend them fresh when you order it.  It was amazing.While EVERYTHING on the menu looks excellent, I had the white truffle scrambled eggs vegetable skillet and it was tasty and delicious.  It came with 2 pieces of their griddled bread with was amazing and it absolutely made the meal complete.  It was the best "toast" I've ever had.Anyway, I can't wait to go back!
IjZ33sJrzXqU-0X6U8NwyA	ZRJwVLyzEJq1VAihDhYiow	5	0	I have no idea why some people give bad reviews about this place. It goes to show you, you can please everyone. They are probably griping about something that their own fault...there are many people like that.In any case, my friend and I arrived at about 5:50 PM this past Sunday. It was pretty crowded, more than I thought for a Sunday evening and thought we would have to wait forever to get a seat but they said we'll be seated when the girl comes back from seating someone else. We were seated at 5:52 and the waiter came and got our drink orders. Everyone was very pleasant from the host that seated us to the waiter to the server. The prices were very good as well. We placed our orders once we decided what we wanted at 6:02. We shared the baked spaghetti calzone and the small "Here's The Beef" pizza so we can both try them. The calzone was huge and we got the smallest one (personal) and got the small 11" pizza. Both were awesome! My friend liked the pizza better and I liked the calzone better. The calzone does have a sweetish sauce but that's how I like my sauce!We had to box part of the pizza to take it home and we were out the door by 6:42. So, everything was great and not like these bad reviewers. That goes to show you that  you have to try these things yourself because all these bad reviewers have some serious issues.
IESLBzqUCLdSzSqm0eCSxQ	6oRAC4uyJCsJl1X0WZpVSA	4	1	love the gyro plate. Rice is so good and I also dig their candy selection :)
m2CKSsepBCoRYWxiRUsxAg	-yxfBYGB6SEqszmxJxd97A	4	3	Quiessence is, simply put, beautiful.  Full windows and earthy wooden walls give a feeling of warmth inside this restaurant perched in the middle of a farm.  The restaurant seemed fairly full even on a Tuesday evening; we had secured reservations just a couple days before.My friend and I had sampled sandwiches at the Farm Kitchen earlier that week, and were impressed enough to want to eat at the restaurant.  The crisp, fresh veggies didn't disappoint: we ordered the salad with orange and grapefruit slices and the crudites to start.  Both were very good; I didn't even know how much I liked raw radishes and turnips until I tried them with their pesto and aioli sauces.For entrees, I ordered the lamb and my friend ordered the pork shoulder.  Service started out very good, but trailed off quickly.  Waiting for our food took a very long time (a couple seated after us received and finished their entrees before we received our's), and no one bothered to explain the situation until the maitre'd apologized almost 45 minutes later.  Apparently the chef was unhappy with the sauce on my entree, so he started anew.  This isn't really a problem, but they should have communicated this to us earlier.  For our troubles, they comped me the glass of wine I ordered, but they forgot to bring out with my entree  as I had requested.  Also, they didn't offer us bread, but I will echo the lady who whispered this to us on her way out: ask for the bread.  We received warm foccacia, apple walnut, and pomegranate slices of wonder with honey and butter.  YUM.The entrees were both solid, but didn't quite live up to the innovation and freshness of the vegetables.  My lamb's sauce was delicious, but the meat was tough.  Maybe the vegetarian entrees are the way to go?  But our dessert, the gingerbread pear cake, was yet another winner.If the entrees were tad more inspired, or the service weren't so spotty, this place definitely would have warranted five stars.  If I return, I'd like to try the 75$ tasting menu.  Our bill came out to about 100$ for two people, including tip, no drinks.
riFQ3vxNpP4rWLk_CSri2A	zp713qNhx8d9KCJJnrw1xA	5	7	Drop what you're doing and drive here. After I ate here I had to go back the next day for more.  The food is that good.This cute little green building may have gone competely unoticed if I hadn't been driving down Palm Rd to avoid construction.  While waiting to turn onto 16th Street the "Grand Opening" sign caught my eye and my little yelping soul leaped for joy!  A new place to try!It looked desolate from the outside but when I opened the door I was put at easy by the decor, smell and cleanliness inside.  I ordered dinner for two, to go.  The menu was awesome.  I loved seeing all the variety: poblano peppers, mole, mahi mahi, mushrooms...something wrapped in banana leaves.  It made it difficult to choose something.  Here's what I've had so far: La Condesa Shrimp Burro and Baja Sur Dogfish Shark Taco.  They are both were very delicious meals but the shrimp burro stole the show.  So much flavor.  I snagged some bites from my hubbys mole and mahi mahi burros- mmmm such a delight.  The salsa bar is endless.  I really stocked up.  I was excited to try the strawberry salsa but it was too hot, in fact it all was, but I'm a big wimp when it comes to hot peppers. The horchata is handmade and delicious.  They throw pecans and some fruit in there too which is a yummy bonus!As if the good food wasn't enough to win me over the art in this restaurant sho did!  I'm a sucker for Mexican folk art and Frida Kahlo is my Oprah.  There's a painting of her and Diego hanging over the salsa bar, it's amazing.  All the paintings are great, love the artist.
jJAIXA46pU1swYyRCdfXtQ	nMHhuYan8e3cONo3PornJA	5	1	Nobuo shows his unique talents with everything on the menu. Carefully crafted features with much to drink. Start with the pork belly buns and a stout. Then go on until you can no longer.
E11jzpKz9Kw5K7fuARWfRw	AsSCv0q_BWqIe3mX2JqsOQ	5	3	The oldish man who owns the store is as sweet as can be.  Perhaps sweeter than the cookies or ice cream.Here's the lowdown: Giant ice cream cookie sandwiches for super cheap.  The flavor permutations are basically endless.  I had snickerdoodle with cookies and cream ice cream.  It was marvelous.
3rPt0LxF7rgmEUrznoH22w	e9nN4XxjdHj4qtKCOPq_vg	5	1	Wonderful Vietnamese sandwich shoppe. Their baguettes are great hot out of the oven with butter or in one of their many sandwich choices. They have a modest selection of baked goods along with some of the best egg rolls around. Bring cash or your ATM card as no credit cards are accepted but they have an ATM on premises.
HXP_0Ul-FCmA4f-k9CqvaQ	supigcPNO9IKo6olaTNV-g	3	4	We went here on a Saturday afternoon and this place was incredibly empty.  They had brunch specials going on, including $2 bloody mary's and mimosas, but we were more in the mood for lunch.  Except for the bloody mary, I had to try one.  It came out in a high-ball-sized glass.  Boo!  But it was really tasty. Yay!  The hubby remembered a sign outside the restaurant a few weeks back that said they had Arrogant Bastard, and he got a 22 oz bottle for $4.75.  Hey, that's not fair!!Next up: the wings.  We were a bit hesitant to order them when the waitress informed us that they are "seasoned" but not sauced, so they can't be ordered hot.  We did ask for them crispy though, and the waitress even asked the cooks to throw them back in for a few minutes when they came out not visibly crispy.  These non-traditional wings were actually pretty damn good.  The seasoning was a little spicy and salty with just a hint of sweet.  If I were in the mood for the tang and kick of Frank's Hot Sauce, these wouldn't cut it, but otherwise they were good enough to go back again for.My entree was the Tilapia salad, and I was a bit disappointed.  The fish was a bit dry and uninspired. And the greens underneath were overdressed and wilted.  I ate the greens around the fish and picked out the almonds and Mandarin oranges, but I had to leave the mush hiding underneath the fish.It wasn't bad enough to say I wouldn't go back, but I won't be anxiously awaiting my next trip.
v0cTd3PNpYCkTyGKSpOfGA	b5cEoKR8iQliq-yT2_O0LQ	3	6	I met a friend for lunch yesterday. Loved the water feature and patio walking in, if it had been warmer I would have definitely sat outside. Inside was a little dark and I guess it was all the bats around but it reminded me of "Dusk Till Dawn". We were seated, I hope was hoping for chips and salsa, I guess they don't serve them here? We weren't even offered the ones on the menu, which I probably would have declined anyway because chips and salsa should be complimentary. Anyhow I ordered the Fresh Snapper Tacos (see pics) There is a lot of fish there being smothered by all those peppers, but as for everything else what you see is what you get.For $15 I would have liked more than a TBSP of each, rice and beans, and a DEFINITELY more than a teaspoon of cheese and sour cream and maybe a lime or lemon. There was more garnish on the plate than anything. Other than that it was good. My Friend ordered the Green Chile Stew and The Green Chile Mac and Cheese (see pics) She has been here before so knew what she liked. I tasted the macaroni and thought it was pretty good too.I'll give 3 stars until I go back and try out some other things.
cFtQnKzn2VDpBedy_TxlvA	JhupPnWfNlMJivnWB5druA	5	1	I love this place! I have been coming here for ages.My favorites: Elsa's Chicken sandwich, any of their burgers, dragon chicken wings, china's little chicken sandwich, and the hot pepper chicken sandwich. The atmosphere is always fun and the art they display is very abstract but totally cool!
kZ4TzrVX6qeF0OvrVTGVEw	qjmCVYkwP-HDa35jwYucbQ	5	0	I love love LOVE this place. My boss (who is into healthy eating) recommended this place. I went over with some highly skeptical friends and one dinner was enough to convert them into believers! The food here is so good! We had the Shrimp dumplings and the Onion tart as starters. We ordered the Shirataki noodles and street tacos as entrees. So also ordered the Kale-aid. All of the dishes were yummy. I have gone back many times since then and have never been disappointed! I have gone after yoga to get some Kale salad or the chicken chopped salad. I always have to get the Kale aid. Once, a guy at the next table, uprooted a whole plant by mistake (on the patio) and was highly embarrassed as was his date! Ever since, I have very careful not to throw my arms around as I can be quite clumsy sometimes! I do NOT want to be banned from my favorite place for my clumsiness! I don't think I can live without True Food!
B5h25WK28rJjx4KHm4gr7g	wct7rZKyZqZftzmAU-vhWQ	4	4	Not that my review will mean much given the more in-depth reviewers but I will chime in nonetheless...I can really only review one dish, the #3 lunch special, Yellow Curry Chicken. I don't know what the authentic name for it is, Kang Karee something or other. It's so tasty that the first time I had it I knew I'd never branch out. Good lunch spot if you work around downtown. Not the quickest service all the time and can get busy during lunch, but always consistently good. Fairly dim inside, a good place to forget about the sun on a summer day.
Y_ERKao0J5WsRiCtlKSNSA	vz2zQQSjy-NnnKLZzjjoxA	4	1	Came here for breakfast yesterday, it had been years since I have stopped in here and do not remember the entire place having waiter service.  Place was empty at 9am on a Tuesday morning but the atmosphere was casual, this place is pretty much been here for as long as I can remember and I am one of the 2 people that are native to Phoenix.  I always felt it was pricey but I think inflation has caught up since prices seemed normal when I went yesterday.  I loved the chips and salsa, the hot sauce is fantastic with a great spicy kick.  I went with the recommendation of the chile relleno which isn't my favorite but I like going with what waiters say so I gave it a try.  It was great!  Very flavorful and they just put it on the eggs so you can eat it together, the tortillas are fresh and home-made tasting, the hash browns and beans were good too.  I read my newspaper and drank my soda while I enjoyed the whole place to myself....oh yeah, I read some Yelp reviews and bookmarked my next stop too, ha ha.
hre97jjSwon4bn1muHKOJg	i213sY5rhkfCO8cD-FPr1A	4	1	Always reliably good.  Great beer selection as well as fabulous "bitch fizz" (ciders, etc.) and cocktails.  Their pizza is outstanding AND they have a healthy menu.  I generally steer clear of chains but this is an exception.
S9OVpXat8k5YwWCn6FAgXg	vvA3fbps4F9nGlAEYKk_sA	1	1	Disgusting!  Had a Groupon so my daughter and I tried it out.  Very outdated and gaudy 80's style interior made me feel like I was in an episode of Sopranos.  The food itself was pretty bad.  We ordered pretty simple dishes but they just had no flavor at all!  After trying it out I'm positive all the good reviews on here are employees or owners creating them.
Bk7F8IyBuOHVp6w3BAKVow	3oLy0rlzRI_xiqfQHqC4_g	3	3	There's two ways to look at this place. One is getting quality food at a good price. The other is getting a lot of food for a cheap price. I prefer the former but those who prefer the latter won't agree with my review.I thought the scramble I had was okay but nothing fantastic. I definitely didn't care for the biscuits. The food wasn't health conscious at all but if you're looking to fill up with calories and get a good-sized portion then this is your type of place. Also, I am not a fan of the diner-type ambiance... I would rather have something with more character but I'm glad I tried this place out.
vUuFuf4LYxfqbZH3lYxJfw	Pr9rQKypHgC_J1AfufxzIw	4	1	They must have renovated this place in the last year. It is now spacious and airy and there is no longer the dreaded "hover over a table to get a seat" necessity.  It now reminds me much more of the dreaded "Panera Bread" chain in California, but the food is still much better and has much less of a "mass produced" feeling and taste.The service (management, staff etc) were extremely attentive and responsive to requests as well as keeping the place extremely well clean and cleared.I love carbs...Carbs with carbs and a side of carbs.  They serve warm syrup with their pancakes (yum!) and their bread is just amazing.  The "side of pancakes" is plenty big for a meal and they are always consistent, fluffy, and tasty.  They offer both a dark roast and a house roast for coffee and all the powdery loveliness (cinnamon, nutmeg, cocoa) to top it off just right.Today, before returning to the land of freeways and smog and eternal sunshine(well, the other land of that anyway) we enjoyed their peppermint hot chocolate. I would highly recommend that you run on it and have this frothy goodness before the holiday season ends!
5V9lfjjlY7tkXgkcDUWYyg	-kVXDEqGHOWKxQ3EhvFgVA	4	0	This Mexican food is very simple, slightly bland, but fairly fresh. The chicken is chopped up into tofu-looking squares. But I was satisfied with the food, which was fairly healthy Mexican food as Mexican food goes. The staff is quite polite. I met some cool people hanging out there while I sat outside.
1fRGR6XTTElRBZW_oDrpUA	qyNtVViurIcChc35mfYIEw	4	1	Decor  functional Staff friendly and are really kind to our toddlerfood rocks  within my  limited range of  red and yellow curries ( so much so they suggested I try something else, hey it's not my fault these are so good that I didn't want to risk anything lesser. Prices are a bargain for entrees,  spice is there, they really get the request to make it very very hot.   This is probably the best bargain  in North Phoenix for  spice hounds
UTWI0z7nV5zNJLWnOz9Z5A	puy0PzIcCgR3KWJI7llBFQ	4	0	Solid food, great device, and casual environment.  They will not leave you hungry.  Overall, it's really good.
7uzj6rJ71toRmdsXyo2suA	e0vubCKi8KD8zC2C6FdbuQ	4	1	my son really enjoys islands, great food, casual kid freindly atmoshpere we go here quite a lot and seem to keep coming back
Ckk1Cne1GHwzmJfo7M4r2w	aRkYtXfmEKYG-eTDf_qUsw	5	1	(Un)fortunately for me, lux is close to my house.  I walk there nearly every day and am much poorer because of it.  The coffee and pastries are amazing.  They always play really great music too!
bu9S6tFKuTrMcNxQaQYMQA	JuBygU4XDjqSeW9okyvbsQ	3	1	After watching her win on Cupcake Wars I was determined to find this place (It's very well hidden)and sample the cupcakes.  I have to say I was not impressed; i make better cupcakes on my own.  More creative and not so sweet you'll go into a diabetic coma.  i did have a California BLT as well and it was a good sandwich although the bread was a little too toasted for my liking.  The staff was friendly, the ambiance was very pleasant and it was clean.  But the cupcakes...really not all that.  Sorry....
RZZ9Tf5GWYwrcjg-ACiKmQ	EC9WB-iVjd28B6R6KIZ8TA	4	0	Cliff notes- Cheap: $1-2/plate- Fast: It's ready-to-go and on a conveyor- Acceptable quality: I'm here weekly and haven't gotten sick lolThis place is definitely good for what it is, "it" being a budget-friendly sushi place that's great for a quick bite.  In a response to the lower-rating reviews stating how the food is just okay at best or authentic or blah blah blah, well think of it like wal-mart vs. *inserthighendretailerhere*.  This place has a business model based on selling in large volumes (hence the low prices like wal-mart) so they're gonna have to "reduce costs" somehow (so-so quality food, not-so-attentive staff, and slightly smaller than average portions), but it's still a solid bang-for-your-buck kinda place.On top of this, I can be in and out quickly since everything is already prepared, perfect for those quick 30 min lunch breaks.  All that's required is for you to grab it off the conveyor (depending on whether or not all the items you want are on the conveyor at the time). I've never had issues with seating, but do not make a point to go during peak hours and usually go with a small party (2-4 people).For those claiming to be "left to fend for themselves" due to an inattentive staff, most of your sushi-related inquiries can be answered by this thing called "the menu" that sits on the counters.  See, this miraculous piece of technology contains things referred to as "descriptions" on them that help to inform you about the sushi going round-and-round before you.  Furthermore, there's even a pricing guide based on the color code of the plates to assist you further! WOW! Lol wtf do people expect for $1-2 plates of sushi?  Someone to hold your hand? LOLOLOLOLOLOLOL DIAFAnd the cherry on top? $4 large japanese beers and $5 sake bombs! HELL YEAH!
V4hBluqV-xbgzk7Y6y9kzw	pWPzxPPXN4IqI7RUU_8KKw	4	2	I have no idea whether there is a Japanese community in this part of town, but New Tokyo would suit one well.  It's rather small, but they have a wide selection of Japanese, snacks, beverages (including my new fave beer, Asahi Black), refrigerated items, staples, etc.  This is not an Asian market, it's specifically Japanese, so don't expect more than a few crossover items like kimchi.  That being said, sometimes it's good to specialize.  It lets them carry more variety of Japanese products.The cashier was very friendly when I finally stopped loading my basket long enough to check out.  Like the first reviewer, I loaded up with snacks for the hotel room...along with a six-pack of Asahi Black, of course.  Oh, one more important factor...the prices were quite reasonable, in line with most ethnic market imports...maybe even a bit cheaper than usual.
GOconNmWgg6cJbgwSwrozw	K8pM6qQdYu5h6buRE1-_sw	5	3	Alright, I have been away from Yelp for quite some time, and I feel that this place is fitting to be my comeback review...Chicken and Waffles.  Yes, chicken and M'Fin waffles.  In the ghetto?  CheckHas sweet tea?  CheckHas no-nonsense, quick service?  CheckRidiculously long wait?  CheckBest thing that I have eaten in the last year?  CheckI have to say, not the best fried chicken I have ever had, but pretty damn good- it could use more seasoning.  Now the waffles, probably the best ever...  The waffles are deliciously soft inside, a little crispy out with a wonderful cinammoness to them.  The seating is cramped, but it doesn't matter as soon as your food is delivered your table goes quiet, you get tunnel vision and after the first bite you are taken away to an orgy of goodness.If you are in Phoenix, this is a requirement.  Come real early or be prepared to wait.  Don't forget to order the Red Velvet cake and they have Kool-Aid if that fits your fancy.  Even after I came home from Arizona, I couldn't stop talking about LoLo's for like 2 weeks.  Shoot, two months later and I am still drooling thinking about it...
VyX6x7wnThr9g9Z6VBDIgA	tA2DT7CGQPzgA6tTcTkXDw	2	2	I have to add to Andrew's review.....I just can't believe the things that happened!!Yes the app was good.  The entree was good too, but there were bites of just bread with no chicken in the panini.  It definitely would have been better with more chicken!But the girl working here is one of the worst waitress/bartender/hostesses EVER!When we walked in, she didn't even sit us.  We stood there forever waiting until she finally told us to seat ourselves.  We went outside since there was nothing left inside.  It was too hot outside so we came back in and figured we'd sit at the bar.  Luckily a nice guy noticed us looking around and let us sit at the end of his table that he moved apart since his whole party didn't show up for dinner.I was so excited when I saw they had cider on their menu!  And not just one, but two that I like!  Wyder's Pear Cider and Strongbow!!  I ordered a Wyder's.  After I finished it and asked for another, she said they were out of them.  Okay, so I ordered a strongbow.  She came back and poured it into a glass for me.  When I took a drink it was disgusting!!  It was Boddington's!!!!  When I finally got her attention away from flirting with a man sitting at the bar to ask her for the correct drink, she told me they were out of Strongbow too!  How are you out of both drinks??  You're a restaurant.  Shouldn't it be stocked?  You're right across from a BevMo for god's sake!When we ordered our food, he ordered the app.  Then I ordered my entree and she walked away!  She didn't even get his order!!!!  We figured it was probably for the best.  We'd split the app and the entree and eat less.  Stupid of the waitress to lose money that way, but whatever.When she brought my food, she didn't bring the correct things.  How hard is it to remember?  She had maybe 4 tables to take care of!  Maybe if she stopped texting while she's behind the bar on her cell phone or if she'd stop having a conversation with the guy at the bar, maybe she could have done her job a little better.
IRGqHYbK5AOEv5MNYMz7cQ	o5x6DF0KK1OBsiUOx2gavg	4	0	This would most certainly be "my" coffee shop if I hadn't already established myself as a regular at another local shop. This brand-new, independent coffee shop has spent the money to look really nice (it even has a fountain inside!).But what money can't buy is community and unfortunately this shop doesn't seem to have much of that. Granted, building community takes time and/or energy. For their sake, I really really hope it works out in the long-run.
nzSOTOZiAb1ITqbRgWKnnQ	E6DnUFy3GoN4DxTqturtug	5	0	This restaurant is incredible, and has the best pasta carbonara and the best tiramisu I've had in my life. All the food is wonderful, though. The calamari is not fried. The bread served with dinner comes right out of the oven, and the tomatoes are the freshest I've tasted outside of my mom's own garden. This is great attention to detail.I can no longer eat at any other Italian restaurant without feeling slighted. This is the first place I want take out-of-town visitors I'm looking to impress.The owner, Jon, is helpful, friendly, and really cares about providing a positive dining experience. He's spot on with his wine recommendations, and he organizes wine tasting events which you can find out about by joining the mailing list or Facebook page.
9BJJwIciVG-JPlXetInbXw	znBnrQNq1FdUt5aIGAbyuQ	4	2	One of the spot my coworkers and I go to for lunch. We usually try to get there before 11am (weekdays) to beat the rush from all the Corporate places near the MetroCenter.  The deli sandwiches are good.  I usually stick to getting the Amy's turkey-O.  If you plan on substituting a side, make sure you tell them because the cashiers don't normally ask and you'll be stuck with chips.  The salad bar here is very decent for the price.  Don't forget to get ice cream on the way out!
J2Ig5cV9fJU-KGewdzQXOA	YeDYa6tYL16CyqYvUVOtLw	3	2	If I could give 4 stars for atmosphere and 3 stars for food I would.With all the hype of getting a Margaritaville I guess was expecting a little more in the way of Margaritas and cheeseburgers. But I was underwhelmed with both. You can get a much better burger next door at Yardhouse and a much better selection of Margaritas from Salty Senorita. With that aside this place is quite the spectacle. It has 2 stories, a stage, fishing boat booths, and every other piece of decor that a Parrothead could love. TV's broadcast Jimmy himself rocking out and some odd montages of Parrothead outings. Live music is offered here several nights of the week and they offer 2-3 bar areas. If defiantly won't become part of the regular rotation but from time to time we might wonder in looking for our lost shaker of salt.
rghv_qgXpluzDE9qn8CNrw	P5uC-zfGG6yqoQDUyqyAvg	4	2	It is romantic here even if you are with just friends. The waitress kneels at the couch to speak with you, pour your wine, bring your check...I love that...its so 5 star and respectful. Our waitress was so friendly and I was on cloud 9 because the whole ambience made my evening so nice. I love the darkness of it, its all so exotic and relaxing there especially with all the coves and different areas to be seated. Apparently you have to put your name down if you want a table for certain as it seems to be packed anytime I have been there. We needed one more bar stool-we had no reservation and the waiter actually went "out to the storage" to get us one. Impressive!
GXj4PNAi095-q9ynPYH3kg	CEswyP-9SsXRNLR9fFGKKw	1	1	Another night meeting friends here.  I have to laugh.  Waited another 20 minutes for my beer to be refilled at the bar.  A girl even took my empty without even asking if I wanted a refill.  A new brunette girl that I don't recognize left the bar and sat down with her guy friends on the customer side AT 9:25 ON A FRIDAY NIGHT.  Another bartender had to ask her to come back and work.  Management....  Pull your head out of your ass!  Sad to watch....  I need to talk my friends into another place!
LN4l4wklQB0IVBjm-vq9TA	6Ry-gjGqApTSRZkfdYlLmw	1	1	Not busy at all but took nearly 45 min to get our meal.  Ordered the trout and was shocked to see lots and lots of bones. Hmmmmm. Well asked the waitress about it and she said "they try the best they can"  hmmmmmm isn't this a "fish" restaurant? They comped the trout but still not sure I would go back.
dY_p1YkjZxJmREb9Lfc5vw	3oLy0rlzRI_xiqfQHqC4_g	5	1	This is our favorite breakfast place. The food is good. They have the best biscuits & gravy of any restaurant I have eaten at. The wait staff is friendly. The only complaint I have is that Sunday mornings are packed, so there can be a wait to be seated.
mTcLzmYunqJIGKgklFWICg	0QTn4pMzKv1mnQifcP9YoQ	4	0	The best sweet and sour soup ever!  Food is delicious and favorable.  Delivery is pretty good, nice people.
xNvNTC2iXwJiiujNK6Sphg	_HTE4pOKeJC7kcxiCF9vTA	4	3	Every now and then my Vietnamese side craves for PHO...are you surprised!?  Noodle Ranch is my local Pho joint.  I can literally walk to this place :)  Okay, the Pho Tai is great here....I got the combination once and it wasn't as good.  I love the decor here lots and lots of old photos of Vietnam.  Service is always good here and I've been here when their busy and when it's slow.  If you need a Pho fix I would definitely recommend this place!
jNewOjPp56NMDrKlajrgFQ	NNGJQF3WeIHzGzweCpZ-VA	1	6	Yikes, reading other reviews I realize my bad experience wasn't unique. As a server I make a very laid back customer. I like pretty much everything I eat and don't require a lot of attention from the waiter. La Piccola Cucina would benefit from just one extra person in the front of the house. Our guy, though adorable and friendly, was too busy to refill our drinks and to remember to bring our appetizer (though charged us for it). The ahi tuna (highly recommended over the other fish options he said) was so overcooked it was the color and consistency of chicken. Like other reviewers mentioned, he was frantic and made that clear to every customer. At one point I even saw him in the kitchen cooking - they need another person! I left super stressed out from the experience, which is very, very unusual for me. You can either have bad service or bad food, but not both.
gLHPqclZG51HH9EGzOFjxQ	ImghNwml8N-ncAqhXe00hg	4	1	Great prices, great food. The staff is very friendly... I'll definitely be coming back here for lunch on a more regular basis. I had the kung pao, and the portions were incredible for the $5 I paid. Not mind blowing, but better than most Chinese places I've been to in the Valley.
1RSEAeAWilUywt1B3SAkSA	5GpvSL1tlAjpgdJKZ5eLpg	4	0	Great place to have a meal with family, can be a little on the loud side cause ita always a busy place, recomend calling ahead and getting name put on waiting list, reservations party of six or more only price range moderate, but well worth it
pyCM8bH0z8fp6cWg6f2hKQ	O-Xa9GCFWI65YiBD5Jw_hA	5	1	Figured it is time to write a review after going here for quite a few years for dinner on special occasions or just to have some of the best seafood and Bone in fillet around. First off you have to understand that the cuts are top quality so you can order almost any steak off the menus and be dazzled by the flavor, which is fantastic to the point that adding anything to it would destroy the integrity of the taste as is. I mean the meat is perfection on a plate and this needs no other explaining.If with friends or even your significant other you must start with the the seafood tower, which can be order in many different ways to match your appetite and likes. When presented at the table you and your guests will be blown away at the quality of the seafood and rightly so as it is brought in fresh daily.The sides are too awesome in their taste and quality and i suggest the Lobster mash or the Maestros Mash potatoes neither of which will leave you hungry in their own right, but often wanting more :) Wine selection is great and the atmosphere is top notch, but topping it with some of the best servers in town makes this one of my favorites for entertaining. you will not be disappointed.
CxVOhu043DTW4zPTsQnJPA	Hgbxen9iKGL4AH6kKgC8YQ	5	0	So very Portlandia in its hipsterness and decor. Premium coffee roasted in-house, in the middle of the desert, no less! Who would have thunk it.Baristas were profesh and friendly. They even warmed up our pastries upon request. Perfectly foamed milk and fruity noted espresso. I hope this place has a long life in Scottsdale, where great coffee is few and far between.
E6-DKEktgxA_fLEnfguAwA	hfl62LX14YqNpG0g0Tj6_Q	4	1	I grew up on Empanadas in Panama and I have been hard pressed to find anything close to them in the U.S.. today I found them! A perfectly crunchy crust and the beef was beautifully spiced. Usually Empanadas are bland and soggy. They did a great job on these.I usually don't like rice, but the rice and black beans were wonderful. Service was great! I'll be back!
i5Ms8r5AMRa-wcU5-necFA	rRe2eLIQ4MQ7d6vFL26Qdg	5	2	Awesome subs clean and friendly well priced.
j-jMQdELr6AFkCcEHxB7ww	bc-lE-wGVAsUrX-kJhtY-Q	5	0	After the Padres Spring Training game, we had reservations at Don & Charlie's in Scottsdale .  None of us had been here before and it came highly recommended by my dad.  As soon as you walk into Don and Charlie's your eyes start feasting on all the signed baseballs down the left wall.  Now everywhere you look from floor to ceiling and even the ceiling itself is covered in memorabilia and autographed items from athletes of all sports and other celebrities.   Besides the amazing assortment of sports artifacts, I especially like the Cactus League Beer List which pairs a beer with each city that has a team in the Cactus League.  Colorado = Coors Light , Texas =Shiner Bock, Chicago =Old Style, and San Diego =Stone IPA, etc.  Also worth mentioning is the complimentary chopped liver platter with rye bread and bagel chips they bring as soon as you are seated.  I had the ribs with coconut shrimp combo which was great. I wasn't thrilled with the side dish: potato's au gratin which is a $2.50 upcharge.  They also bring a huge bowl of cole slaw with each entrée or you can choose soup which comes in a smaller bowl than the cole slaw!  We were too full for dessert and as we walked out, this place was packed!  I found myself trying to take in as much memorabilia as possible and then on one side of the crowded lobby there sat Willie Mays himself.  He was signing his book (or a baseball) for a $200 charitable donation to his foundation. Needless to say, I 'm not bringing home any memorabilia myself!
oTB_mpCKcu-8wayQQuCDZw	m9Wqqma30o-hH2fAX7dnug	5	1	Best food, super friendly staff, and great prices. Love it!
WqLc0KSfMHGoWNtvPque5w	LzpR_jE6VIutJ08s2cdRrw	4	0	OK, Sweet Pea and I love us some Coup, and it's not just because we've been coming here for years- since I lived across the street and could see the restaurant from my window- or because we got engaged here (which was incredible.)  It's because the food never disappoints.  You can go to restaurants and have varying experiences from the best meal of your life to terrible, but Coup is not the place for that.  It's consistent.  And consistent can be good, or bad.As consistently good as the food is, the service is likewise consistently slow (albeit friendly).  We went here for Valentine's day which we've been several times and I highly recommend.  It's romantic without being showy.  They have a special Valentine's Day set menu of 4 courses which is always interesting and good.  And, if you go on the day before Valentine's Day, they still have the menu, but it's cheaper.  Damn those greeting card "holidays".  The menu is also consistent.  The outstanding things are the brie brulee which is an absolute must-try as an appetizer, and the lamb shank.  Everything else is solidly good without being great.  The desserts are exceptional.  I like the BYOB aspect of the restaurant, although, they do charge you a lot for "corking fees", which amount to just charging you for nothing since they have a corkscrew sitting on the table and you are in charge of opening your own bottle.Coup, I love you.  You get 5 stars if you vary your menu a little, please, please, please get more vegetarian (if any vegetarian) options, and improve your service.
4jkSNOjZN-35vo1_Z2SL7w	WaO_hAunQrZ--vI308rHQA	3	0	Great food and awesome service! Even better that the Chef came out and personally checked on our experience. I will be back for more delicious BBQ
xbXkOaXLbwFsCMgsH6T9Tg	hfl62LX14YqNpG0g0Tj6_Q	5	1	After driving down a teeny dimly lit road and coming across what looked like a medical office building in the 60's, my husband and I found the amazing Fuego Bistro. We had a perfect meal there. Amazing ambiance, twinkly lights in the courtyard, live musician. Great wine. Food was so unique and delicious- I'd describe it as Southern-Spanish fusion. This meal was the highlight of our trip to Phoenix. If you live in Phoenix, you have no excuse to not come here. I live in Chicago and I'm sure I'll be back.
39gCBTrQVeM4GVOt_wEoLg	V1nEpIRmEa1768oj_tuxeQ	5	0	It's just like pizza bianco without the wait. This pizza is a 9.9999 and bianco is a 10. This place has a much larger menu and their deserts are to die for. If bianco has more then a 30 min wait just drive and or walk here.
15YFoHK5HPQpg1u_vwbqmA	Y-NqaDy_1bb-Y5dQ33x-Pw	4	1	Sacks is a different kind of sandwich shop. They have some crazy ingredients like varied sauces and mayos, fresh spinach, grilled peppers, and all sorts of other things you don't see at a typical deli. Then they serve it up on a baguette, wrap, or wheat bread for about $6. The specials are particularly diverse and change daily. On the other side of the coin, their website is horrible and occasionally we find some things missing or not quite right, but we chalk that up to charm and whimsy. (We get a weekly Sacks delivery.)If you want a basic ham and cheese sandwich, you can get that here. If you want a sandwich like their Blue Bayou, which is spicy marinated chicken served with bacon, bleu cheese crumbles, cheddar jack, mushrooms, spinach, and chipotle mayo, all melted down, well, you can get that here too, but only on the days when it's a special. From their regular, artist-inspired menu, their Dali is an instant classic take on the egg salad: This one comes with lettuce, bacon, cream cheese, mayo, and tomato, on 12-grain bread. The Encore has prime steak, melted provolone, hot/mild/or mixed peppers, feta yogurt or marinara sauce, lettuce, tomato, and parmesan for $6.30. Seriously, give this place a shot and you won't be disappointed. Oh, and every sandwich comes with a lovely cookie. Brilliant.
2dEtB3h8yZEONOmUJIUPZQ	0RqNRc6RiILzZxK9J8Kqug	2	2	This is my first time back in years. It will be my last. I was in the bar area for lunch it was almost 1hour 25 min before I could get out. Ten min before my drink order and almost as long before food order. A secound drink forget it. Guy next to me walked out.
L1SNUf6VQgG2rolLLvVgxw	YEQkTCmphjr6XKPh4m93AQ	5	2	As mentioned earlier, the best thing about this place is the super cheap, but super delicious lunch bentos.  You get a main dish, rice, salad, and an orange for under $4. If that's not enough, you can get double meat for a buck or two more.  I highly recommend the ginger pork or the katsu.  My friend I normally go with is a big fan of the white fish (fried or grilled).  The sushi here isn't bad.  It's nothing super special, but I don't come here for the sushi so it's not a big knock against the place.As they would say on ebay: A+++ Great Seller! Would eat here again!!!
_o_WRkKLk7NJeOO6NsOmMA	1Q_H3BLhKBymF6Se8FfZNw	1	1	Unless you are a regular or look like your wallet is fat don't expect the best service.  Entrees cost about 20-38 bucks and Anti pasta runs between 5-20 desserts are all 8 bucks unless you get aged balsamic vinegar.  They also have a big cheese selection. I made reservations for this restaurant and they sat us by the back door.  The waiter never once explained anything on the menu or suggested a wine to go with our meal.  He didn't even tell us about the cheese menu except to check on the one we wanted.  The other waiter for a table near ours went out of his way to explain the menu and go as far as to tell his tables how to eat the cheese ( it comes with jelly's and such) .  My meal was good I had the duck.  She had the salmon which tasted very fishy.  Not fresh at all.  The wine was 40 bucks for a carafe ( maybe if we would have got a 100 dollar bottle we would have gotten better service)  The Dessert was good it was a rich chocolate cake with nuts and chocolate sauce. Nothing too special.  Overall the experience made the meal not worth the 115 bucks in these times not to mention they overcharged my girls card for the drinks at the bar.  If we dont want to give 25% don't charge it plain and simple.  Just a warning reservations and customer service mean nothing.  We mentioned our complaints to the waiter and manager.  We received an apology but how bout comp our dessert or something.  Hyatt Gainey staff is also rude for the most part.  Two thumbs way down.
tiSpPFzMEWbEZf7mXJ-O6w	PmPOuRvuN3CoNOi1nBj_TQ	4	0	LOVE THIS PLACE!!! The food was amazing,who cares if it's  chain restaurant.      We had tried to go the night before but they were packd so we made a reservation for the next night.It was really busy when we go there but we were seated immediately.Our server was really nice and very helpful when we told him we had never been there before.           We ordered the fried alligator app,and loved every bite of it.I had the filet mignon and rock lobster tail.The steak was cooked perfectly and was a good size for the price.I'm not usually a huge fan of lobster but wanted to give it a try,Pappadeux has changed my opinion about lobster,the meat  came right out of the tail.It was buttery andjust plain yummy! It was the first chance hubby and I really had a chance to go out to eat without the kids,so we really wanted to make the most of our time.And we wre definetly able to do that here.Refills kept coming even after we had paid the bill.I also loved the live music from the jazz quartet making its way around the room.The only thing thats keeping me from giving it 5 stars is that the tables were too close to each other,and it was so loud I could hear the discussion at the table next to me but I had a hard time hearing my huband across the table.I will definetly be going back to Pappadeux over and over again.
ty51pvsTv3KxBaeHFWFZrw	F-ykHfGY9lWr12OJ_Ofy7A	3	0	Hit or miss food. I ordered the meat plate with corned beef, zuch and asparagus for the sides. Corned beef was WAY too salty, and same thin style you get on a sandwich. I sent it back for a chicken breast bone in, which was the driest chicken I have ever had. The side veggies were good (perfectly grilled no butter), and accompanied by garlic bread. I think this place has potential but I ordered wrong. I sat at the bar and service was mediocre. Price was pretty low though. Good place to watch the game.
_Ctic3_Iuw0ECtqH2Yw5yQ	YKOvlBNkF4KpUP9q7x862w	5	0	Took my fiance' there for Valentine's day/ Birthday.  I did a lot of research of romantic places around the Valley, and this one really caught my eye.  Immediately after walking through the door, you'll notice a dark and romantic ambiance with a lot of candle light.  Seating is a bit tight, but it wasn't bad enough for me to give it a lower review.  We began with an appetizer called "Table side guacamole" which was incredible to say the least.  It literally is made in front of your table.  Then it was onto the main dish... Build-your-own  Pork tacos.  Talk about tender meat!!  The shoulder of pork literally fell right off onto the fork.  The tortillas were exceptional, and so was the tasty sauce which included pineapple glaze.  So, the food was absolutely delicious...but the service was equally impressive.  My water level never reached the bottom of the glass the entire night, and I drink plenty!  Everyone was incredibly nice and cheerfully said "Happy Valentine's Day!" and "Happy Birthday!" to my fiance', which made the experience even better.  A fantastic place that I'll have no problem recommending to others to visit!
mmAi-uXUcfWLnH8qK2gfug	qkbloHdDZuHf_0wTqUGPjQ	5	0	I have had a great experience every time I have been there.  The food is hard to beat and the service was pleasant.  Portions are reasonable, not huge (I'm a big feller), and I was satified every time I ate there.  Very pleasant environment, clean, spacious and calm.
28guWjT8KRZKvMZkltdzew	1DjRf3AdYpdlC1Df9KD6rA	4	1	My husband and I went here on a Saturday night for dinner because we had a restaurant.com gift certificate. Yes, it's in the Sheraton, and yes it's near the airport with not much else around, but I have to say- we were both impressed. We started with the Gambas al Fuego, which were deliciously spicy (although I thought that $10 for four shrimp was a bit excessive, no matter how tasty they were). We both had house salads with blue cheese dressing- I think you can tell a lot about the quality of a place by their salads. They used fresh field greens, the tomatoes were perfect and sweet, and even the thinly sliced onions were sweet and delicious. The blue cheese dressing was fantastic, and had actual chunks of blue cheese. I was impressed, for a hotel restaurant. For our entrees, I had the hickory smoked baby back ribs (good, but not phenomenal) and husband ordered the chorizo chicken- I am so glad he shared a bite with me, because it was awesome. I was really wishing I'd gotten that instead of the ribs. Oh, and I especially wanted to mention the asparagus that came with my ribs- tender, cooked just right, and flavorful. This place uses quality ingredients.If it wasn't so out of the way, we would definitely come by regularly. My husband was especially enticed by the prime rib melt sandwich, so I think we'll be back during lunch in the near future. The only reason I'm not giving 5 stars was that the atmosphere was pretty dead. Which I suppose is understandable, given that it's inside the Sheraton. The decor was nice though. They should have a free standing restaurant in an area with more traffic- this place would be a hit.
L8C_ZWqXelQDG_SzAp3TkA	CgHcO651uEE3aalrkm4boQ	1	1	My friend kept telling me how good their lunches are... I tried it, but it didn't do anything for me.  The sandwich tasted like something you can get at Safeway, but twice the price.  For being called a Purveyor of Fine Foods, I expected the food to taste like not just any ordinary sandwich. What I had:Ham, cheese with portobello mushrooms on a panini with 2 sides of pasta, one was parmesan and the other was macaroni. Maybe it was the panini bread. I think the parmesan pasta was made there, but I know for sure the macaroni was not made there, it tasted like something I had at a picnic which was in a carton. It wasn't anything to brag home about. I found out the head chef made my sandwich... keep him in the kitchen and away from the customers, no personality whatsoever. I asked for his suggestion, and his reaction was "anythings good." Normally, when I go to AJ's, I go for their desserts. Their desserts are fabulous and you can get individual servings at a reasonable price.  I can take an assortment home and have them for later. Our company does use them for their catering and I've had many compliments on their dishes, but pass on the lunches.
4h1s3CFZX8QjIRmPX1URUw	sbsFamEj5wDxNAjUKrMcSw	3	0	Came for a friend's birthday and really was not that impressed. First of all, it took us a while to find parking as this place only has street parking and a few spots in back. On Saturday if you are there before 7pm, all alcohol was 1/2 off and some appetizers were on special. We ate dinner there and the menu was very limited. The food was okay, but our burgers were over cooked. The service was slow and it took us a while to get our check. I'd go to hang out again and have a few drinks, but I wouldn't suggest making this your regular hang out.
ExhhNpUulh2Yjog-nb6O7A	V3lQtk1LgwAEcF9j-BzchA	5	0	I'm from Chicago so I'm picky with my pizza--this place does it right (NY style)! I love the "hole in the wall" feel. Every customer that walked in was a regular which was a good sign. I ordered the Mozzarella sticks and a large Monster Pie (Sausage, pepperoni, bell peppers, onion and cheese). The mozzarella sticks took a little while to come out but they were cooked to perfection. They also threw in a few garlic knots which was awesome. The pizza was unbelievable--I think the crumbled sausage really did it! They have great deals like large pie & 20 wings for $20 which I definitely will be taking advantage of during football games on Sunday. Glad to have found a new place where I can also be a regular!
tCps1BXBR4ZUOF-uTxUBMw	wl51t6lT7leiX64SlkOx6g	1	0	Other than the really great happy hour prices, its hit or miss with this place. More often a miss. :(The food is less than average, the drinks NOT strong ( at least they are inexpensive) , but the service is truly hit or miss.I'll pass.
Qp7lu-oy_cLz71bjLgpNjA	R3UFldNkrGqOsDgD_cw6bA	4	0	Yes this is a chain but after traveling in Maui for a week and then coming back home to Kahlua Pork from Rumbi, I can honestly say that the Kahlua pork here is better than any of the places I ate it at in Hawaii. Crazy huh? The Kahlua pork at Rumbi is so moist and tender and when its paired with some of their magnificent teriyaki sauce and Rumbi rice (rice cooked with coconut milk and beans), it is out of this world. The Kahlua pork plate at Rumbi has lately been the first meal that comes to mind when I want comfort food. This is a bit of a problem cause that is normally on a work day during lunch and after eating a meal of pork, rice, mac salad, and coleslaw, I am just down right exhausted and in dire need of a nap. I used to come here quite frequently but forgot about this place and I am not sure why. Besides the Kahlua pork and Rumbi rice, I can say that their mac salad, sweet potato fries, and their beach burger are really good as well. If you are looking for something different, yet tasty and satisfying, try Rumbi. I think you will enjoy it.
jUlDw4GmEsdv8mHqJ3wFfQ	35uDzLpJlbSztgkJLtg1kw	4	0	I like coming here when I want to pretend to read and then do some grocery shopping.  I say pretend to read becase, invariably, I start eaves dropping on people seated near me.  Usually these people are either a) real estate professionals on a lunch meeting or b) families with small children who are saying ridiculous things.  I've also run in to a guy my friend used to date while he is on a date... that was pretty strange.  I like their salads, the breakfast sandwhich with feta, and the portobello sanwhich (on ciabatta, not the recommended bread).  I am in love with the sweet potato sandwhich, but it is huge.  I recommend ordering a half or sharing it... even then it is a lot of sandwhich.  A scone will fill you up for the entire morning and afternoon. My mom requests a trip to "the place next to the cool bookstore"  whenever she comes to town.  (p.s.  the cool bookstore is Changing Hands... and I agree with my mom -- it is very cool.)
VyAIpPxEpMO581PoRB5G6A	St3jS0PnF1lulH1ggA4Jgw	5	1	Great place for brunch or to relax with a coffee. Their hot chocolate is amazing.
1xrgXladKl8ukUsiyVU_kA	zDfaNgSYLn-TwquB5A6AaA	1	0	Been here for many years but have seen a recent decline in quality service. Felt scolded by the bartender today at lunch. Felt disrespected as a customer. Service sucks stay away. "bad service = bad review"
LFKXrB40LfFd16xtSuy7MA	NN2qs5B713vM6BDcMyrg4A	5	1	Hands down the best breakfast I've ever had, anywhere. It definitely feels like home cooked breakfast. I've never been to this place on the weekend when it isn't packed out the door. I'm not the only person that loves this place!
WaXjxD6QcMBQQGOMnlGiYQ	ho4Te6bO2tGs56h9PF2vuA	3	1	This is simply a poor substitute for the Los Dos Molinos in South Phoenix.  It is a pale shade of itself.  The salsa is spicy, but it doesn't have any of the same excitement.  I think its partly the downtown location in a strip mall, (not that 98% of restaurants in Phoenix aren't in strip malls).  But the Mexcian Pizza and Chicken enchiladas just didn't have the same loving kick and spice.  When you are craving Mexican downtown, this'll do in a pinch.  But make room and time to head out to the original deal, the one with 5 alarm salsa and huge patios.  Margaritas the size of one's head and bring a group of friends to indulge!
-qSWOLcNWhl0aLy-nadlKg	sjCRI-lCh4KLO_RYQdlEeQ	4	0	Went there for a second time on Sunday.  The first time I came, I was underwhelmed.  I think the problem was that I went with only one other and this time I came with 5 others.  It was a beautiful Sunday afternoon and over pitchers of Sangria ($20.00 specials on Sunday) and copious amounts of food I rediscovered the restorative quality of good food and great friends.  Had serrano ham and manchego with quince paste, pollo colonial (my favorite), lamb with mustard and mint, pan con tomate, quail with lentils and chicken drumettes.  With the exception of the drumettes (which tasted like overly fancy buffalo wings), the rest of the food was exceptional.  Small portions, yes.  A smidge pricey yet, but the communal feeling of being with your good friends in the open air sharing vino and small plates is priceless.
g0PIxO362sPzzvoYXNU4KQ	06kfoeRs9Acj82Yl3i9p_w	5	0	Recently moved back to Mesa, I have been on the hunt for a place to get a good sandwich and fresh bread. This place now tops my list of places in the East Valley to get a good sandwich. My first sandwich was the Atlantic Haddock Provencal. A sandwich made with seared, lightly breaded haddock, sliced hard-boiled egg, fresh basil, romaine lettuce, tomato, Provencal tartar sauce on a grilled Brioche roll. The brioche was amazing. It was light and fluffy. The haddock was perfectly cooked with just the right amount of breading, and the vegetables were fresh and in perfect proportions as to not overpower the bread and haddock. Sometimes when you go to a sandwich shop they overload it with everything else that the meat and bread are just there to accessorize the vegetables and sauce. This was perfectly done. The atmosphere is pleasant and open with nice music as the light smell of fresh bread in the background salivates me. This is a must-visit lunch time destination. Dinner review shortly.
2bPgTaY62Jc_FoTtXz35lg	SMpL3z4FLF07bRA6-y22JQ	5	1	What a wonderful night. It didn't start out that way. I found this restaurant on yelp, not realizing that it was sixteen miles from the hotel my wife and i were staying at. I heard the grief all the way there. "Come on honey, it's an adventure!". We arrived, and were greeted warmly and shown right to our table. Zach, our waiter, was right there to offer us drinks and appetizers. We had the Summer Rolls and they were delicious! I explained to  Zach that I was allergic to wheat and he brought us a special "gluten free" menu the owner had created for those of us who are allergic to wheat. Zach even brought us some special wheat-free dipping sauce for the Summer rolls. He showed great care, provided great customer service,  and the sauce  was delicious!The portions were good sized and the presentation was beautiful. But the wonderful tastes and personal service made the night special. Oh, the bathrooms were clean too. Thanks Zach, and thanks Malee's. It was a great night my wife and I look forward to repeating. (Yes, she admitted after dinner that the drive was worth it.)
PE4ueS5NlXcBw4Ixb8G0hA	EXmWz2eaKTGNIf3FJUlVZA	5	0	I am a way more frequent visitor of the bell rd location, but sometimes I have to travel downtown for work. When I do, I make my route pass by this place because I have to have dutch bros.  The guys at the bell location are pretty familiar with me by now but these guys still treat you as if you are there best customer. And it's the best coffee I've ever had.
fQwfcdBJb1tf7JRTRE5EDg	TdNIQQcfslKjkey4-yAlKg	5	2	Even more great news....on Tuesdays there is a special of 35c per ounce. Not that I needed another incentive...but this is GREAT.
a0YtahC0ZWer56OPruJA-A	NN9dbEZF_c4YNgfWWAEVig	2	1	Been there, done that.  Fair sandwiches (better than Safeway, anyway).  Only 2 stars since I didn't know about the free soft serve, so didn't get to try that.There's gotta be a good New York-style deli west of the 17 and north of Thunderbird.  Isn't there?  Doesn't have to be great.  Good would be wonderful.
GXhCVzS14jGRpwusofxFIw	NCbHGtOP5yJBJsPPaE3X5g	5	5	Being Indian, and having grown up in London, I have been pretty spoilt for Indian food. Imagine my dismay when I moved to Phoenix! I've tried many different places here in town desperately trying to recapture the memory of a good London curry house but each time I've left either disappointed or clutching my guts fearing what may come.Couple of friends introduced me to this place a few months ago and I'm stoked. It's not as good as the stuff back home. And I'm sure you can get better in San Francisco or New York. But if you are looking for something closer to home you can't go wrong.Plus its got the real live Indians eating in there too. Can't be bad!!
EuC1SHR55UGShkq3iovTEQ	MUsqPXthMdHoPEow9M3MfA	1	3	This place is not there anymore.
ZqzBvizyfGpzfiveEsgZ8A	cgNIBHS2mLdbTRiodAT6EQ	3	1	No frills.  Nothing fancy.  Just some honest burritos and tacos.  Voted "best taco" by New Times a few years back (in the 90's).  Not sure I agree, but they consistently satisfy.  They make a hearty breakfast burrito too.  If you're looking for Sonoran or Tex-Mex or anything beyond what you might find at Filiberto's, try somewhere else.  The red burro combo is my personal favorite.  It's saucy (enchilada style) and just spicy enough.  Bottled beer available.
ENbvrftx0kvaDfrR1mchSA	nY2QBNMEfT3j68j-DHOGyg	4	0	Went here this morning around 10 am. There was like a 20 minute wait, but no biggie. Service was fast, orders were fresh and correct, and place was clean. It is the Waffle House, not a fancy joint. So for what it is, it was good. Plus the staff are all very easy going and create a fun lively atmosphere. Good for a casual breakfast.
iDujx3HhzFt3mv4KPay6eA	2ceeU8e3nZjaPfGmLwh4kg	4	1	Where do I begin? I love Casey Moore's!What a great ambiance! The outside patio is where it's at, with tons of seating and misters. Lots of beautiful decorations to stare at while you're waiting for friends to arrive, and the staff as well as fellow patrons are always very friendly.When I feel like getting in touch with my hippie side I go to Casey Moores, because I can always expect to find someone outside painting a work of art, or photographing the wandering cats (yes, they have cats! they're well-fed and happy). It gets pretty busy after 5pm, but the good news is that if you arrive before 5 you can bring your pets and stay all night. I bring my dog in all the time, and she is always met with animal lovers who didn't know they could bring their pets.. so now you know!The oysters are good, but if you're eating them out on the patio the heat kind of kills that deal for you. I had never tried oysters before going to Casey's but they are surprisingly tasty and comparatively better than other oyster houses.If you're feeling pretty ballsy, go pee on the Blarney Stone! Every time I go there I wish I was a man so I could do it.
kPS5PRqkwDpJx_bpDx9lCg	qecLHHzAwgkkeA1bG81vmw	3	0	Service was good, however my fettucine alfredo with meatballs was just OK. I would pass on this menu item the next and try something different.
roMeHsyf55-_O7rpudBbZA	NBwPgX7L2D-EZedgo3A-pw	4	19	Gils.. A relatively new business to the complex on 16th St and Bell Rd. Gils is NOT your average Mexican Style food. It is New Mexican Style. They use whole beans, no lard and light on flavor. The rice is not orange but more of a yellow with hints of garlic infused. The burritos are covered in red or green sauce, which can be a hot or mild depending on the crop. I had the pork Carnita's burrito topped with green sauce. Beans and rice. I would have been disappointed it I expected smashed refried beans too. BUT I love the beans as they are. They are sort of like a ham hock style bean. The carnitas was wonderful and huge. filled with pork and not a spec of fat in it. Topped with cheese and Hatch Green Chilie sauce. Did I mention Huge? The whole meal including water and chips and salsa set me back $10 bucks. I even have a small lunch for tomorrow. The chips are homemade and the thicker type. The red salsa was spicy but not hot and green was good. The rest of the menu looked good, nothing stood out as a must have but I will be back. The place was clean and they made a nice patio outside, complete with waterfall and everything.
RxwjDwQsSRE7flP6N4L4tA	4EeLblEpJc2VeBowa94YPQ	5	3	I come here probably at least once a week. The prices are right, there's a good variety of "ethnic" food, the cashiers are quick and friendly, and they're just helpful. I locked myself out of my car when having a space-cadet moment and they let me use their phone to call AAA to bail me out. Fresh flowers + great selection of wine and cheese + all the essentials They deal is that they cut out the middle man to get great prices for quality products and they don't have sales because they always sell their products at the best price possible. =) GO TJ'S!
6wih8fh9hGHRCc4tk6U3ew	3H2ttTM2aSIaZ6FTjHwDQQ	5	0	I have only gotten the cafe sua da (iced coffee) here but it's the best I have had yet. When you walk in there is always fresh coffee lined up in cups on the counter ready to be mixed with sweetened condensed milk. I don't get to Mesa often but when I do I go here for the wonderful, rich, dark and creamy coffee. This is strong stuff; that first sip is so good. The richness, full flavor, creamy caramel flavors are heavenly.  And as the ice melts, it mellows out the flavor a little and it's still great. I can't say I have had all the cafe sua da in the valley, but what I have had; this is my favorite. Next time I come to Mesa for work I will need to come at lunch time so I can try the pho.
RqwFPp_qPu-1h87pGBAM8w	pfTwzep_4hRTX_jXoi38cw	5	28	Hippies scare me.     So in my preparation to go to this place I ordered Xanax from an on-line Canadian pharmacy, which I have been taking for three days now.  Bought a tazer from Spy Headquarters in case one of them tries to hold me down and pours patchouli oil on me.  The fifth of gin that I slammed in the parking lot really helped with that last bit of extra courage that I needed to partake my journey into hippie-land.It was all for nothing. No hippies around, just a teenager behind the counter.  This place is tiny and the counters are about at mouth level. I don't know how anyone under 7'6" could easily eat off of them.  Anyways for $5 flat, you get a kick ass burger, a school lunch bag half full of well seasoned skin-on fries, and a can of soda.   It's true that the fries could have been a bit more crispy but they tasted so good I got over it real quick.I'd be afraid to ask what the special ingredient is because they might say "it's organic, don't panic".  Jerry's dead, but this place lives on.  Thanks hippies!
csHak1d1uCU4oItf8d5MBw	UmhTiNOKareQDP7D9aAnKw	5	1	Great experience from start to finish.  Host (who was the owner) seated us at a table with a view.  Was given house made foccacia bread and olive oil.  Was awesome.  Some of the best bread I've ever had before a meal.  The olive oil was seasoned perfectly too.  My grandma got the burger and I got the pesto penne primavera.  The pasta came with shrimp, squash, and some other vegetables.  I love pesto, so this hit the spot.  Good serving size, but not too much.  The food tasted fresh.  They make their own pasta, which was delicious.  The burger was huge.  Looked like you get your moneys worth.  The ice tea was even good.  The place was clean and sleek.  They played good music and the service was perfect.  It has been a while since I had such a good overall experience with no complaints.  I will be coming back.  The host, who we later found out was the owner, was working that night and asked us how we liked everything.  I've said it before, but that is a rare and good touch for any restaurant.  Well done.
Rfu5grIwYtiEQbbMZtGwTg	hBHkHYOk_E-6EgObC6MTdQ	5	1	We went to The Farm today for lunch to enjoy a picnic on such an awesome beautiful day. I had the Tuscan sandwich and it was awesome. I had expected it to be good but was surprised at just how enjoyable it really was. I'm sure sitting outside in beautiful surroundings on a perfect day helped with the experience. This is the prefect place for lunch on a beautiful day. My date was equally impressed so I'm sure I will be back!
yheuEeK2zj6HaNY5bAzhgQ	1CNKe3H07sLu6rigOpAYsg	4	0	Games- great.Game prices- decent.Food- Edible, but nothing to write home about.Food prices- WAY too high for the quality.Bar- Weird. The 1st bar Ive heard of that doesnt carry Baileys or some type of Irish cream liqueur.Drinks- Meh, stick w/ beer.Service- Also weird. Ive had the best service here when its crazy busy and the absolute worst when my friends and I are the only people to be waited on.A good time, if youre going for games and basic drinks.
GiGm00UCTSDwA0c7RhRDFQ	QnAzW6KMSciUcuJ20oI3Bw	4	0	I love the ambiance at Joe's Farm Grill.  It's great to grab your food and sit outside at one of the many picnic tables.  Stopping there with the dogs after an afternoon at Cosmo Dog Park is a must!  There is something for everyone on the menu, from gourmet burgers (all I have to say is fontina! Yum!) to pizza, to ribs.It's also a great place to take out-of-state guests who just blew into town from one of those cold climates.  They are usually psyched to be sitting outside enjoying a meal during the winter without having a propane heater involved.  Make sure you go for a walk on the grounds too.  It's very relaxing and a great way to work off a few calories!
T6x80EWBNGa6qzfCjSdMEg	yJr24Yy1K6bt2G9fX3_zPA	5	0	I loved this little slice of heaven.  Reasonable prices, tiny dining room, very personal service.  Pablo was laid back, but with only 4 couples in the small establishment, he did a great job of making sure we were taken care of.
d4tC0RRd0ldMNZHeIMbGuQ	OOCLVeqqMFfSnKa7liv0Kw	1	6	What a load of absolutely hideous, uninteresting crap.Take every single one-star review written by Yelpers below, copypaste them here and you will have a far more eloquent summary of my feelings on this place than anything I can come up with.I have no reason to ever come here. Certainly not free will. The one time I did come here I was forced to by a friend who was meeting another friend.
INgYGonM78YMB-5vpfoPQQ	JhupPnWfNlMJivnWB5druA	5	1	AZ-88 is at once chic, urban, fun, and just enough Scottsdale without making me want to stab myself in the face, as a t-shirt-and-jeans-wearing, overweight guy.You'll first notice the atmosphere, and with good reason--it's perfectly lit, with noticeable but not mind-numbingly blaring music, and even better, they have a live DJ who goes through no small trouble to beat match and keep things rolling throughout your Wednesday-Saturday evening dining experience. When I first hit AZ-88, it had an enormous deconstructed NY taxicab suspended from the ceiling which was a fantastical conversation piece. The wall behind the bar was completely covered in names and numbers. (I was far too proud when I accurately guessed that they were the names of cabbies and the numbers were their license numbers.) Overall, a very different, fun look.Comfortable chairs and very full cocktails abound, and while they typically have a rock-steady delivery, more than a little cosmo has ended up in my friend's purse, to her chagrin. That aside, the food is fantastic and even though it's a bit hard to get out of here for under $30 per person (because you simply must try the cheesecake, and drinks are pushing $14), it's worth it as a classy-but-casual night out that you can really enjoy.They have a great patio, the burger is dripping with flavor (and, in fact, cheese), and they have waffle fries with pretty much everything. Great salads and sandwiches help round things out, and they ship their cheesecake in from Carnegie Deli in New York which is just about the most perfect cheesecake you'll have the good chance to try. Forget that Cheesecake Factory nonsense, these people know how a cheesecake is done. It is rich, thick, with just a hint of sour, and an amazing flavor that takes your tongue hostage and demands whipped cream ransom.Overall, a wonderful place for drinks and good food with friends, and the staff is pointed but efficient and will throw back any shit you give them, in good humor or, as appropriate, not. (We've never run afoul of that rule, but you wouldn't want to, I assure you.)
21Nfgtnns8gZuzNfg7c_QQ	QnAzW6KMSciUcuJ20oI3Bw	4	1	Great place for lunch, transport yourself back in time to this quaint farm grill which offers high quality food, fresh ingredients, killer burgers and an atmosphere that is one of a kind.  Good place for breakfast as well.  Family owned restaurant goodness.  Only drawback is the line, however good things come to those who wait.
2YfYYOjwd_yOHxEuv-9Sqg	Exx5ffvnmk4MrTyCkPRuug	3	1	Other then the chips and salsa (5 stars for salsa) the food is good, but not so much that I go out of my way to eat there. The fajitas are delish, with mushrooms and the meat always tender, but the price makes me cringe. At over $20 there are so many other places I rather eat. I usually opt for a cheese crisp with green onions and green chilies and a side of guacamole (which is always yummy but pricey) and I still pay for all that $15 plus what ever we are drinking.... I love the overly rustic atmosphere, but it really could use some updating and maybe a good scrub.... Some of the servers are not the friendliest, but these are mostly the family that work there and have been there forever, so don't take it personally....But overall it is a Scottsdale landmark that is fun to bring out of towers to and the food is overall good.
EI3YXHKCwAIrEj18OVNg-g	I4bSn5gXsHuSPu7L-d_8nQ	5	2	Fun, with caps if I did that sort of thing. The whole experience was great (you won't get any specifics, this review is 3 weeks after, I can't remember, sorry). Service was by that waitress who does everything perfectly. Explain food, wine, doesn't stay too long. Nice interesting big room decor. Looking forward to the next time.
pNv6lyBfJITFITz-iIKPzw	cp39VURFby4A6u9m2It8jg	5	1	A group of us from the IVAA Summit went to Zinburger last night. The food & service was great! I think we scared our poor server (Mike), but he was wonderful!
7ohAK9lUtD5GluvzDTErXA	MU3i2uEyUBntebU6pEyMbw	5	2	I love this restaurant (even though it's a chain and I can hear my brother saying it's just a "glorified Red Lobster"). I ordered the Crab and Lobster Bisque soup and am drooling thinking about how much I wish I could eat it right now. For my entree I ordered the Atlantic Salmon (stuffed with crab, shrimp, and brie cheese) which was unbelievably amazing. I also had some scalloped potatoes which was basically in the shape of a brick covered with cheesy goodness. I wanted to eat the apple pie for dessert because it looked so delicious, but could barely breathe after eating all that food. The service was outstanding, although the manager stopping by the table several times throughout dinner was annoying. I can't wait to come back here.
s_2Q1U2UgG14kNhFTVn-fQ	8o-NLKy_XfbJtqljX9XLCA	4	1	This is a tough one.  I'd found out about Mrs. White's by way of Lo-Lo's, and thought I'd try Mama's food before Son's.  It was good, I'll say that.  I had the smothered chicken and regretted it immensely - fried chicken covered with gravy amounts to a mess of watery breading.  Between that and having to dig through the mess to find the bones, it wasn't exactly a lot of meat down my throat.  Mac & Cheese and white rice as my sides were good.The ambiance?  There IS none.  I found more entertainment from the writing on the wall, which had clearly been painted over MANY times since the 60s, and the open/close sign which reads, if closed, to contact "Jesus".  LOL.Unaware of the church across the street, I arrived right after Sunday services to find the place fairly full - some churchgoers, at least one newcomer party, and several regulars.  Based on the caloric content of the entrees, I wasn't surprised to see about 50% obese customers, while the rest were inexplicably thin.As a Whitey, I can't say that I was comfortable.  Clientele is almost all Black and while they are some of my best friends, I only felt welcome because of the cordial words spoken by our waiter and the cashier at the checkout, who clearly could have beat the crap out of me with one punch.  Other than that, there were a lot of "what are YOU doing here?" looks from fellow customers.  I kept wishing I had brought my sista friend with me, who would have loved this place.I'd go back, but it's not a perfect choice.  Perhaps on a Saturday when church hadn't just let out.  Also, the price is extreme - it's almost as high as Knott's Berry Farm which gives you more food for only about $2 more, and that's at theme park prices.  This is just dumpy outskirts of downtown..but again, I don't wanna judge.  I love small business and I'm proud of Mrs. White for making it this long; hope she continues for a long time to come.
PQBYt2G58kn0tBMhK3x33Q	xmtKVO7C7KYVqMBe2eQq3A	4	0	The food here is generally pretty good.  Drink selection is great.  Service is normally above average.  The only thing stopping it from getting 5 stars is that it's a bit expensive relative to comparable quality places.
h2c-jLW9cLVIiiubGqTaog	VVeogjZya58oiTxK7qUjAQ	5	2	On one of my many visits to see mi amore, he took me to this fantastic little pizza joint. The aesthetics of the place were overwhelmingly perfect. I believe the maximum seating capacity of the dining area is 45, yes folks, 45. So the 2 1/2 hour wait was expected, and very VERY worth it. The pizzas are baked to order in a classic brick house oven. The toppings arent what youd find in your local Pizza Hut, either. You can choose from fresh slices of mozzarella, slices of perfectly seasoned italian sausage, pepperoni slices, salami slices, arugula, fresh basil leaves, tomatoes, etc. Basically what Im getting at, is this is beyond words delicious, classic LEGIT Italian pizza. Around the dining area, you will see freshly baked loaves of focaccia bread, that is later served to you with extra virgin olive oil for dipping once you are seated. The smell in that place is heavenly.....incredibly reminiscent of my grandmothers kitchen!!PS GET THERE EARLY!!
iLHFyi913RBDovPVRPm_ZQ	Vb9FPCEL6Ly24PNxLBaAFw	5	1	The pizza is my favorite in Phoenix.  It is light, airy and tasty and does not give you that "I am reading to explode as my cotton mouth is making me drink two liters of water every half hour" feeling.The ingredients are fresh and delicious.  I am hooked!
BzeBZD_ySZHkzOxA1oNozA	x4L42igQPv4TFlqGR2Wthg	4	0	had the place to ourselves on a thurs nite (5/19) so...service great, mgr came over and asked if we had eaten here before "nope" so he said he wanted to buy dessert, "great, thank you" oreo cheesecake was good... now.... pizza...pricey by 2-4 bucks but was very good. can't go wrong with your toppings but the riccotta was not my cup of tea (wife liked it on her pizza). definetly going back to try it again... great crust
bAJIn-cEjNDPKoY3pXC3aQ	WYj43z0qmlKklhcvV75mwQ	4	5	After long debate of where to have lunch, I am glad that I stopped into The Greek Pita.  I had ordered the lamb gyro with everything except onions.  The gyro was loaded with lamb meat and toppings.  The pita was soft and fresh. The Tzatziki sauce  has a nice tang to it.  It tasted light, cool, and creamy.   The total cost was $5.74 + tax.  I left with a very happy belly.
vSQQ5EC65AJFU7ZPa6owzQ	9Y3aQAVITkEJYe5vLZr13w	3	2	They serve breakfast all day, which is always a plus.  I had the tomato soup with grilled cheese.  The bread was delcious, tasted homemade.  However, there was way too much cheese, and it wasn't fully melted.  My g/f had the eggs benedict, which looked really good.  She said it was really good, and filling.  3 stars.  I've had better.  I've had worse.  La de da.
TkTbb-JkRsdtD5wplSGEtw	yPJFfglhMHAKciUpjTmgBg	1	4	I had not been to an Oregano's in like 10 years. They seems to be popping up all over here in AZ now so my buddy was in from out of town and he wanted to try, so why not.I'll tell you "Why NOT"... we has two thin crust pizzas... and I even hate to call them that. More like... crackers with melted cheese and some toppings.That was some of the worst excuse for pizza I've ever had. Most of the fast-food delivery pizza I've had beats it -- and I do not like, at all, delivery pizza.Maybe the pan pizza is better than the thin crust... god it could not be worse!It only deserves one star for the good service... other than that is the another sub-par overpriced "gourmet" pizza joint.If you want expensive, and good, pizza there are many good alternatives... Pizzeria Bianco, Grimaldi's, etc.
Ygh_egJbl3jAYc8IaTRvPQ	uI4YqMarUpchI4I3ZWgOGA	4	1	I thought Trader Vic's was very nice.  Food was very good.  Atmosphere was great.  Staff was very very friendly and fun.  They even gave me tons  of recommendations of places to eat in the area since I am new around here.  I recommend the lamb.
ujMijCZ5vv9pU2aOz2LHjg	PmPOuRvuN3CoNOi1nBj_TQ	5	1	Excellent service and food           enjoyed live music on patio
JBif92bIAelSfHoH39fSag	8qrICL2tS2Rq7b5gxUdQwQ	4	0	I was fairly surprised to visit Line Thai and find some decently authentic, good-tasting Thai food. I'd always assumed that this area of Phoenix was (excuse me for the pun) totally dry on ethnic food, considering I had a hard time finding pho within a ten-mile radius of my parents' place in Surprise.Anyways, I chose the pad si yew (spelling varies all over the place, I think they spell it "phat si iew") and my father ordered some kind of chicken cashew dish. Both were excellent, though a little more in the line of American tastes -- not as spicy, and the pad si yew wasn't cooked slightly burnt like I recall it traditionally is made -- it was pretty tasty.The hot tea was a great companion to my meal as well.The service was great without being too pushy, invasive, or sloppy. They always refilled my water in a timely manner and didn't interrupt my conversation with my dad. That's important to me -- that servers don't bust into your conversation with little to no consideration of personal space.My parents had been there several times and enjoyed it, so now I see why they liked it. Oh, and their spring rolls and the accompanying peanut and hot sauces were also delicious -- not the best I've ever had but super-tasty.The atmosphere is a little dry (what is it with this word? Sorry) but I can live with it. The booths were comfy and it's not like the place was musty or gross. Not every good restaurant needs to be chic and trendy, really.All in all, it was a nice experience at a reasonable price and I'll definitely make a visit next time I hang out with the 'rents.
lG3Y6LPASX8MyqDedIpBGQ	h6jfMpTZpNduLG0wE2tbaw	2	7	Ate here months ago.  Was excited to finally find a Phoenix sushi venue, and one that also offered brown rice as a sub for sushi dishes (don't quote me on this however, since it has been many months and I may be recalling another venue).  One item did impress me, and that was the complimentary appetizer that was comprised of tempura'd chips with perhaps a squid salad topping (?)  I should have just ordered another serving of this!  Instead, I tried an Ao Yasai (mixed gourmet greens with ginger) and a sushi roll w/ brown rice, the latter I thought was price-y considering the very small portion given.  I was so unimpressed by its unexciting flavors that I don't even recall what kind of roll I tried!  Pretty sad, I know.  I told myself I wouldn't go back, but I would like to give Hana another try, perhaps for lunch and/or dinner with a group of friends and have apps and wine/sake!
4YSQvTgbGy5DraaXM4DGRQ	dSQh1Hx2BiSrYog4ad740A	4	2	You may think this is a cop out... writing a review of Starbucks. It's like writing a review of water. ("It's wet, delicious and necessary to my survival!") My aim is simple here though. This particular Starbucks location is an excellent place for people watching. Try hanging out there between the hours of 11am and 1pm on a Friday afternoon and tell me you aren't entertained by some of the patrons who go in and out of the doors. While attending school, I was taking a screenwriting class and given the arduous task of writing descriptions of about 35 random people. Where did I go to write every single one of them? Park Central Starbucks. The crew here is also super friendly every time I come in and they do their best to remember my name. It doesn't help that I tell them a different name every time. OK that's not true, but what a fun social experiment that would make.The coffee... been there, done that and there's not much else I can say about it, but for the sport of people-watching, this a great place to hang out in the corner and just take it all in.
5YVQIr0AJiiiJmkuhoRjzQ	adKyTJT-RtaTP0krxLyQwQ	3	0	nice location , good service but a little slow. been here twice so far and both times the food i would give 4 stars but both times they screwed up our orders and burger was cold, they did take off 20 percent for the issue and that was nice.. overall i enjoy the food and would go back.
6CVBHyAJT7X5HUp4WfH78Q	P5uC-zfGG6yqoQDUyqyAvg	3	2	I have either an extreme LOVE or DISLIKE for this place. More love, though. Things I love: Great wine, with all different price points, which is nice. Cool, speakeasy atmosphere. Great bands and entertainment. Great cheese platter and flat breads. Good prices. Things I do not love: Service. Are you a bouncer? A bartender? Are you leading me to a seat? can you get me a seat? Its confusing. The staff is not clearly defined (not only do they not wear uniforms, or name tags, but they are scarce and hard to find) The mix. It is kind of a random mix. I guess that can be a good thing, but I was there once and it was like Spring Break in Cabo, and then the other time, it was like 50+ snow birds day. Either one is fine, it is just hard to gage when to go and who to bring, like, my mom, or my pals. They serve dessert, but no coffee. That, to me, is just strange. Buy a coffee maker. Sheesh. They have this amazing fondue that would be great with some baileys and coffee, and alas, no coffee. Strange. I know, "wine bar", but if you serve dessert, coffee should go hand in hand. In the end, the place is cool and they have some of the best entertainment there. they ambiance is nice. Go early for a seat, they are hard to come by. Beware of paying $ at the door for an entertainment fee, but it is well worth it.
IZrBk5XXvCEO-7Ce3XYGOg	q1nDSpmV-FdTBNj6UuZvTg	2	0	I've never eaten at this location; both times I've had it was to-go. The first time I had a pulled pork sandwich, and a side of the beans. The pork was extremely dry and tasteless without the sauce. The sauce I found was overly seasoned. And the beans had way too much pepper. The second time I had HB's was a work lunch that we had this delivered. Once again, the pork was completely dry, but not as dry as the pulled chicken, which my coworkers complained about. I prefer Hap's BBQ over this place for sure.
VcFKtk8h9nAztl2lnzaDaQ	CgHcO651uEE3aalrkm4boQ	5	2	Need fig preserves? They've got it. Fennel? It's beautifully packed on ice and extremely fresh in the produce department. Need boneless pork loin roast from the blade end? The butcher has your back. Duck fat? Just take a peek in the freezer section. Sometimes, it's the little things that normally go unnoticed that gets you five stars...AJ's closed early the other night in lieu of the holidays and I ran around to FOUR different stores looking for something as simple as whole grain mustard and fennel. I came up empty handed on both items. I say "simple" items - but it's amazing when you rely on a grocer like this as much as I do and realize that most items are out of reach otherwise. AJ's carries practically anything my culinary desires could ask for!Although I had to wait a day to go shopping again and to make the recipe i was wanted, it was during my adventures to the 4 stores that I realized how much I truly appreciate this grocer. How is it I can get wireless internet via laptop on the I-10 freeway courtesy of my phone company, but can't find fennel within a 10 mile radius?This my friends, is why I love AJ's. And as someone who watches America's Test Kitchen as though it were food porn, I can say that any other grocer doesn't stand a chance against Eddie Bashas' high end store.You truly do get what you pay for. For all the employees at AJ's I say "THANK YOU!!" for the great service you provide and the products you offer.
fmogTChx_IX4QgLhuGFiQw	1NZLxU5WvB5roPFzneAlLw	5	1	Great Mexican food. Authentic street tacos plus a full menu of tasty dishes. Halibut tacos remind me of EnsenadaMichelada with Pacifico beer is a perfect beverage for any dish.
eGYRmlaUPl-Wmrp2CweqOQ	1cTI09YZ3uRPXt3YkznuPg	4	1	I really wanted to give this place 5 stars but.. well.. let me explain. I came in on a Friday around 5:15pm trying to catch an early dinner. I am glad I did as upon entering I noticed they close close @ 7:30pm. When I came in all the tables were empty but they all had "reserved" place cards on them. Later I realized that there was some sort of club or church organization that came in and took over the restaurant so I would recommend making a reservation. The owner was very nice and sat us at one of the reserved tables. Her husband the chief quickly realized we knew nothing about polish food and offered us a sample of dill sour pickle soup. yummmmmy. The restaurant itself is located in old town Glendale's Catlin court in a small quaint little house that gives you a more personal ambiance. The owners made us feel like we were literally dinner guest at their house which was not what I was expecting but a nice surprise. The food is best described as "home cooking". The soup was excellent and my favorite part of the meal but the rest tasted just as my parents would have made growing up at home and I'm not Polish. Put simply all the main ingredients of my dish tasted as though they could have been bought at Fry's and my mom cooked them. The kielbasa was good but nothing unique, sauerkraut was tasty, but the green beans were either overcooked, thawed from frozen, or from a can. I am by no means a Polish food expert and maybe this is exactly how they would make it in Poland? Overall if you don't feel like cooking, want to try something new, and are in the mood for Polish food I would try it out and see for yourself. As for me I did like the restaurant and their owners but I think I will only return for the soup in the future, which I would gladly give 5 stars.
5vzkZR2B3TWcyrNkofEbEQ	iDYzGVIF1TDWdjHNgNjCVw	4	2	This is my first dinner stop anytime I'm in Scottsdale, and always makes me look good when I recommend it.This time, the standouts were the ceviche, the crab queso, the lamb adobo, and the  Cadillac marg.  Tablemates had other dishes they raved about.Noteworthy notes:I've not yet sat on the patio, but I can't explain why.  It looks awesome.The margaritas are sufficiently stiff.  They're not my preferred carburetor cleaning strength, but neither are they simply jazzed-up lemonade or those super-acidic-1.0 pH version you get some places.The service was a little lax this time, less attentive than before, and that's the only reason I'm not giving LS a 5 this time.If you're after Mexican when in Scottsdale, this is the first place to point your ride.
qSqL5Ct8i0_2s8L29nYhuQ	PuHucejs4LG3hSXnrwi9-g	2	5	The actual restaurant is fine, the service is friendly and good.I am not going to go in to the food other than to say, no.Oh well $340 bucks and all I can muster is a no.
JAq8WMuHq3DcITJa7O7byg	619v4z_tj2NiZWuX1tPdrw	3	1	I have been graciously reminded by many people that a "bruin" is a kind of bear.Sorry guys... I'm an AZ native (we don't have bears here in Phoenix) with the classic AZ school system education. :)
kBZdDpYbZCNXdSWXgCSFPg	D1T1jtCfTfXD-cQE3QViow	5	0	What a fabulous dining experience! My boyfriend and I are always looking for new places to try and came upon this place on Yelp when our regular Saturday spot decided to no longer be opened for lunch Saturdays. Right upon entering we were greeted by someone behind the register and he sat us down at a booth. The decor was great and the place was spotless. We ordered the Saturday special of Monte Cristo, the potatoes and the biscuits and gravy among other items. The Monte Cristo was perfection and the home made blueberry and strawberry jam was excellent! The potatoes were seasoned to perfection and eggs cooked perfectly. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone and this is now going to be our regular weekend breakfast/brunch place.
-ZjQLlmThaRU5hpgLfmH_Q	s26P-jeVUH9TjnTPQttPag	1	0	Where are the managers????   It took 1 1/2 hours for our meal to come out at 8:15 in the evening.  Items came out at different times so we couldn't all eat at the same time.  The asparagus tempura was inedible because they didn't cut the ends.  Waitress just took it away and did not comp us.  Waitress knew next to nothing about the sushi menu.  She sat and talked with the hostess the entire time instead of waiting on her tables.  Food was WAY over priced, and I couldn't speak to my dinner companions because the music was way to loud.  One of the worst dining experiences in a long time.  Paid $70 for a dinner for 4 and went home hungry.  HORRIBLE!
ex4pODOWrfzx1k89FEE0Kg	-0bUDim5OGuv8R0Qqq6J4A	3	0	This place is busy, but the kids love the pancakes so much food for the price.
AgZm8lHgL_R3bsGDQSs6NA	mn1LFFcQwEpir38_mPYH_g	5	2	I was sad to come back to lai lai's and they no longer had the Mongolian :( boo,, but i took my mom there and we were starving so we decided to order off the menu. My mom is allergic to  msg and they helped us with what we should order. and she didn't get sick!! woo hoo.. we ordered three dishes and an appetizer to share between her , my bf, and myself, and we stilll brought food home, and I dont think we spent over $30 bucks for all that food!! it was very good to! i love good cheap food!! Ill be back, they are always friendly.
abVV1guPWL3mK08A3a8ajw	91n02N35x38nvR1XH-jOAw	4	0	This place is wonderful! The service is amazing and food is delicious. I especially enjoyed the Clams Oreganato appetizer.  The Eggplant Parm lunch special came with pasta and choice of soup or salad.  What a great deal!
-E_VKAzXc1__o8-X20CCuQ	gb-k4Z17XxuPkUmsevwBYg	4	0	Angel Sweet Gelato is a welcome treat on a hot day. It sits in a small strip in the middle of Mesa Riverview, but if you can find it (west of Logan's), it's worth a stop.The selection of flavors is large, including a dozen dairy-free fruit flavors that aren't quite as decadent as the dairy gelatos in the left-hand case. I've tried the lemon and all the berry flavors, and haven't found anything that wasn't delicious. The prices are reasonable, and you can order sizes from one small scoop to a big box (all unfortunately served in styrofoam).There isn't a lot of seating in Angel Sweet, but I've never seen it full. Get a punch card if you live in the area. If you like firemen, this would be a good place to see them hanging out.  =)
ADVoNoduCFQ3Ecz4zJRVyg	8Hn5X1AqgmSLHRG2KgBJBg	3	0	Probably the most overrated place in the Phoenix area. There pizza tastes way too much like their canned tomato sauce and there is always a wait to be seated. That being said there food overall is OK. There meat salad and cal-zones are good and the servers are friendly. For all the people out there giving it more than 3 stars: try other pizza places like spinatos, la grande Orange, pizzeria Bianca.
c15oWoC-EERMpE7iCmAcwQ	Y-9dJvw-J2d9QKfuL7mKgA	5	1	Went here today Sunday about 8:50 and it was crowded but not to bad, about 1/2 hour wait. Im warning you now, dont ask how much longer after you put your name in if they told you how long when you checked in. About 10am is when it really got packed, just about when we got done. I ordered the chicken and waffles and i really liked it. I asked for some butter for my waffle because it didnt come with any and it made the dish perfect for me. The chicken had great flavor and when you take a bite with the waffle and butter and the syrup, heaven. I tried some bites without the butter and it wasnt even close to be the same for me. My grandma got some omellete and she gave me some because she knew she wouldnt finish it and i would order that also. The omelletes are pretty good size but my wifes dish, my sons and mine where not that much food especially for $9. We are use to getting enough food for 2 when you eat at breakfast places and slighty cheaper. Not complaining because it was good but be ready. There was 2 guys sitting next to use and trying to eat there 30 minute food challange. big ass egg plate with bacon and hash browns, they both only made thru about halfway.  I would definilty go back and get the same stuff. I also got a lemonade with mint and it was just right. My son really didnt like his reese's pancakes.Id like to go back and try some of this stuff ham steak w/ gravy, chicken fried steak w/ hashbrowns, bannana pecan caramel french toast
MD1FwtNX1SdCsEoSjlw6NA	08Z_Zzp8PyEmWWpYurIO-Q	5	0	Love this location at Gainey Ranch! Great food consistently!
X_AT29hdvyK8omBxRsfasQ	9Y3aQAVITkEJYe5vLZr13w	5	0	We started each morning of our vacation at The Breakfast Club.  Everything was so tasty; juices are fresh-squeezed.  Menu has quite a variety and portions are very filling  It gets busy early.  Be sure to give it a try.
PZoYdab9Zd9kfnqjDNh-XA	5GpvSL1tlAjpgdJKZ5eLpg	5	0	The food here is awesome every time I come here we have a great time And the waitress kimberly Couldn't ask for better waitress
Nmw167kEkXLJ7YdE7wWjiQ	CrBsdxqOjPdnfsDxV89GJQ	5	4	OK, I've decided that other coffee shops sell swill. I think about Dazbog coffee in a dreamy sort of way, like unstressed people think about sex. I mourn often that they open so damn late in the morning. Seriously, I would be there every day... The chocolate cappuccino rocks my world and perks me right the hell up, even on the mushiest afternoon. No bitterness, not overly sweet, just blissful- in an I've-just-been-bitch-slapped-by-caffeine sort of way, of course. Oh, and the sandwiches I complained about? Replaced by real deli looking ones in clam-shells. Far more appetizing. But what the hell do I need a sandwich for when I can have a giant red velvet cupcake? Don't make me break out the voodoo, Dazbog. Just open at 6:00 am like any other coffee shop and we'll be BFFs.
bT1Pen64fidmeNqm8ELFIQ	YQvg0JCGRFUkb6reMMf3Iw	4	0	We had a delicious meal with great service.  Awesome!
MLMI9B6j_E6YlcjCUJcG9g	7eUFOcfxuXDdrHGVSp3_9A	5	0	What's not to love? Herb n Flavors uses local, high quality ingredients, the food tastes GREAT and they are vegetarian, vegan and gluten-free friendly! I especially liked their vegan spinach and artichoke dip! We will definitely be back soon : )
AYHZs0_M8XgoGDU40dewDw	y6uO4ydAwBHUujfiSktxZg	5	0	Excellent New Mexico style food, great hatch green chile.
khAoUDIebA5CBJzQpQx3DA	Gy7ERh2GhmAYMZMO48ztBg	3	1	Went here last night with another couple for dinner.  The pitcher of margaritas was spot on, the chips were outstanding along with the guacamole and salsa.  I ordered the tortilla soup which I ended up sending back cuz to be honest it tasted and looked like a bowl of enchilada sauce.  My husband ordered the filet and enchilada which I have to say was cooked perfectly and definitely would order if I ever went back.  The other couple ordered the beef short ribs which I didn't taste but they both agreed it was over cooked. Service was great but when I have to send something back which I rarely do I can't give more then 3 stars.
hi-Z3DzxW10iOHBGVfzhaw	_pw-OnDpCe9XM0rDVvTUMg	5	2	I love this location! The food is always great and the service is good. Wi-fi is a plus especially since I am going to school. I come here almost everyday. I recommend this location to everyone.
GQLdJaJQ2b1LKmZmmICMHA	GqtMJxq5-7Xp1ZXXmahLaA	4	2	I am at work today, talking to my co-worker, letting her know that I was going to Taco Bell for lunch.  She looked at me disappointed, and said "I never want to hear that you are gaining weight again...stop eating that!"  She then told me about Sacks....I decided that I would give it a shot. (not that is was any healthier....)I wasn't real impressed with the layout of the place, even where it was located.  It was getting busy when I walked in...and had no idea what to order.  I ended up with the Van Gogh, which was roast beef, dill, alfalfa sprouts, cheese and I subsituted the marble rye for a tomato basil bread.  The girl at the counter was really sweet and helpful at helping me pick out what I wanted.  My sandwich was really good, and it wasn't just a normal sandwich.  I also liked the little cookie that they snuck into my bag.  And the fact that they have Stewart's root beer was a nice bonus.The only thing that I could say that was negative is that I left there still smelling the kitchen on my coat.  And it wasn't pleasant.
7aCLrfSXrGKdsBb3Ri520A	MXOdsPTLQPsQK9hUq01DWg	4	0	we went here for dinner and drinks, and it was awesome. the giant soft pretzels are amazing, buttery, and delicious and are served with a roasted pepper cheese sauce. they are awesome, but get them to share, the butteryness is rich! the prices are reasonable, and the patio is nice to sit out on! even better than the food, service, and prices is the music!! they play an awesome selection of music!!
jP-z3uJAqR7J6XEcDq8cMA	rZbHg4ACfN3iShdsT47WKQ	3	3	ok....first let me say that I grew up in PHX. And we used to go for special occasions to "Bobby MaGees" which is where BobbyQ's is now located (says something about the quality of my restaurant experiences as a young fella)...And as cheesy as Bobby McGaees was...i kind of miss the pirate serving me my dinner (and the salad bar in the bathtub).But i do like what they have done to the place. Cool interior. Casual but with a nice upscale feel. The patio seemed really nice (didn't sit out here).We tried a variety of things. A burger, a pulled pork sandwich, brisket, baby backs etc...I think the standout were the ribs. VERY good...very tender (but not overcooked), good sauce.  I enjoyed every one.Everything else was just ok. Like on par with Chili's (which isn't saying much). The sides were pretty tasty. Corn (roasted and then taken off the cob for you) , mashed potatoes, cornbread...all pretty good. Dinner for 4 (2 kids, no booze)...50$.But a 5 star place? Maybe in the context of other restaurants in the Dunlap and I-17 areas (next to crazy Mitch's Furniture barn.) But not in the broader context of PHX.I would definitely go back for ribs...but not a place that will go into the normal rotation.Side note: Hilarious crowd on a Saturday night. Lots of "west side" clubbers...or maybe too old to be clubbers but want to go clubbing (there is a lounge attached).
4TQTwp7lAca35ANmw2TD5g	1621ir5mjVgbHwxCbMAEjg	3	2	Thank you, Mobile Yelp App!  Without you, I would have been stuck in Phoenix with no idea of where to find Thai food for lunch that was near a Light Rail station in Tempe!I arrived at Thai Rama about 11:15 AM.  On entering, there was no indication of waiting to be served and no one visible from the staff, so I selected a table and sat down.  My waitress came to the table and asked if I would be more comfortable at a 2-seat table instead of the 4-seat table I had selected.  Since there were about 25 available tables of various size, I declined and told her I was comfortable where I sat.  There were 3 other tables active in the restaurant, so I did not anticipate the restaurant needing my 4-top before I was done.The waitress set the lunch specials menu on the table and went to get a glass of water.  The lunch specials menu had 10 options available, but no Som Tom.  I asked the waitress if Som Tom was available and she answered that she did not know what Som Tom was.  She reached for a full menu as I explained that Som Tom is green papaya salad.  She handed me the menu and directed me to the third page for salads.  There, first on the list, Som Tom.I ordered Som Tom, the yardstick by which I measure every Thai restaurant, 10 spicy (5 makes my nose run, 8 makes my forehead sweat and 10 brings tears to my eyes), leaving off the green beans and shrimp, and jasmine rice.  Waitress asked if I wanted anything else to drink, but I said I would stick with water.Ambience here is pretty plain...and the paper napkins are not of the highest quality.  The decor reminded me of a formula-type restaurant like an Applebees or Chili's...with a hispanic flair.  I observed the chef as he came out of the kitchen and made a loop around the dining room.  As he walked by, I asked in Thai how he was doing.  He stopped and replied that the day was starting off slow, but that it would be busy soon enough.  Then, he continued back on to the kitchen after wishing me a good day.About 5 minutes later, my papaya salad was brought to the table.  Portion size was nice, about 2 1/4 cups.  I took a taste and evaluated a 5 spicy.  When the waitress came to ask if I needed anything, I asked for more chili and lime.  She returned quickly with red chili pepper and sliced lime.  I doctored up the order and fell to with a gusto.  For the price, adequate.  Jasmine rice was about a cup, and not too sticky.  The waitress was good about keeping my water glass full...and in Phoenix, that is important!On completing my lunch, I sat and waited for the waitress to bring my bill.  I saw no one for about 10 minutes, then the chef came out of the kitchen and made another round of the dining room.  He asked me (in English) if I enjoyed my salad.  I answered in Thai that it was not spicy enough, and I was surprised he was using red chili instead of Thai chili.  He chuckled and replied that Thai chili was a little more expensive.  I asked for my check and he said he would send the waitress out.For the convenience, outstanding!  For the next experience, I will be sure the chef sees me before I place my order.  For the wait on the bill, a little too long.
tQ-y8TbqKTvM6WPgqADe4A	Bc4DoKgrKCtCuN-0O5He3A	5	0	This is probably the sweet I crave the most! Salted Butter Caramel! Yummmm! When I cant make it up to Scottsdale, I stop by my local Whole Foods in Chandler and pick up a pint from the freezer section and it is just as good.
Qfz2HwpS3tdHOlwBlhZNrw	txCJurIIrE9ZoHu3gZUvnQ	3	0	The server could have been better. She spilled a coke on my lap. This made me late for my movie. The wait was so-so however the food was cooked to my liking. I will go back.
iHw39WDbIi5qgurOkNNiWA	8PYmv83XaJTioz5_A-SVxA	1	0	Still quite poor both in service and food. maybe I made a mistake and ordered Sichuan Gong Bao ji ding for what seemed like people from canton district. Unfortunately to get the good service U have to speak Mandarin/Cantonese. I do speak a smattering but try not to use it as I never feel confident about the intonation. The dish came out with zichini and bell peppers (what!??)  Where is the peanuts the dried fried red peppers and the large pieces of scallion. On pointing this out all I got was " Oh you like peanuts.. ok I will put some on" and she then proceeded to get some peanuts and sprinkle it on the chicken.Well at that point I was happy that atleast the chicken pieces were present else she would probably end up sprinkling raw chicken pieces on it like the raw peanuts she dumped on top of the food. Well then  I spoke a few chinese words and the scowl turned into a smile and she then became a bit more friendlier. Unfortunately I do not condone this type of behavior. It is all in poor taste...
omMDENP3jXFF_lJ5UI5Rog	c0RSs2KYK5Y-ZlSrNq9LyA	3	1	I had a hankering for raw fish today and decided to give Moto a try.  Overall I was pleased.The menu had a wide variety of tempting Asian treats but I was here for fish, so I ordered the sashimi combo with a bowl of Miso.The soup was a bit odd.  It seemed to be normal Miso soup with some shredded cabbage tossed in.  The cabbage added a texture that I didn't really want but it was easy to eat around it.The presentation of the sashimi was interesting.  I had a pinwheel of fishy goodness with yellowtail, smoked salmon and tuna.  The fish tasted quite fresh and the portions were generous.When I need a sushi fix for lunch I'll be returning to Moto.
9l7FzgtZobP81lMwEQy4AA	Hf_MFIPi7ZiIWDQodJMzwg	5	0	Great service
TUjdm0FLco2-nGS-UVryvg	T4VsuYbgEqp1n_FghmFg2w	3	0	I love this place! Great flavors, love the tiny gummy bear toppings.One thing I don't like is the inconsistent hours. One day they'll be open at 8, the next time they close at 7:30. When our yogurt craving hits, we'd love to patronize Woody's, but never know if they're going to be open.I tried over and over to call one night, and the phone was just constantly busy. A little frustrating!I do enjoy their yogurt, but with the weird hours, and so-so feel from the staff it's hard to give them more than 3 stars.
D_pEME20C-srxu-D8Se14A	yv9gVqydta-y8NHQQ3XPRw	1	0	First, I hope La Fonda management reads these reviews and takes steps to improve their restaurant.  Second, we miss the bloody mary bar too.  Hubby & I visited LF a few weeks ago on a Saturday night for dinner. We asked the waitress a general question about a beer and she made something up that was ridiculously wrong.  Okay, she doesn't know beer.  We liked the chips & salsa, it was a good start, then I took a sip of my water.  What the?  I know what Tempe tap water tastes like, but this was weird.  The aftertaste made me cringe, I couldn't drink it, even with a slice of lemon in it, maybe it was the ice.  Hubby ordered chicken enchiladas, which he orders practically everywhere, and it was so bad he didn't finish it.  My meal was not memorable either.  I wanted to love this place, or at least like it.  We walked out of there terribly disappointed, I doubt we'll go back.
nOksR3WGXn8iuZwTyUX9qw	TbaAnzOTX2-boTbAp3e8Qw	3	0	I liked the tortillas:  handmade, rich and salty.  I thought the food was decent.  I thought service was okay.  I am not new to Mexican food, I know what I want:  when I say I want cheese and cilantro and tomatillo salsa,  please give it to me.  They charged me and extra dollar for had smattering of queso fresca.  Boo.  I liked the mango-pineapple aqua, super sweet and clean flavor.  I would go back, maybe.
Cu6EG_rAd25OjCGzRCPxMg	-bd26a1QEEpqUZjBmtBUiQ	5	0	The food was flavorful and plenty of it. Eating with only your fingers is quite fun - make your momma proud. My girlfriend won the best dish of the night - lentils and chicken and cabage/carrots. It all had kind of sweetish/bitterish/spicy flavor. I had the lamb and jalapeño dish, which was kind of greasy. You eat with your fingers and can scoop up the food with the bread they give you - a tartish type crepe, which goes well with the food. I'd be happy to go back and try something different.  If you are used to frozen pizzas and Burger King, you might want to stick with that as this experience might bit be as enjoyable as those who are more open to what they consume.
dMVOvh4ipz3VV_jRf-qZ9w	3n9mSKySEv3G03YjcU-YOQ	5	1	I honestly have only positive things to say about Postino's since every one of my visits here has been very pleasant. From the valet who is running his ass off to the food and everything in between, this place does it all right! If you go here hungry, you should know that your options are basically a panini, a salad or some bruschetta. I've had a little bit of everything and for the value and quality you can't go wrong the the bruschetta. I recently determined my favorite to be the ricotta, dates and pistachio but a close second is the salami and pesto.Wine by the glass can be a bit steep so if you're planning to stay for a bit and can agree on a style with your company, you might be better off getting a bottle. A bottle is pretty much 3x the price of a glass so you end up getting 1 1/2 glasses extra. Bonus!Someday, I'll actually take advantage of their $20 deal for wine and bruschetta!
s2NkuLh0UBmCvHvLwJFBPQ	ntN85eu27C04nwyPa8IHtw	4	1	I'm  going to stop being such a taker, and give for once! I use Yelp along with other reputable websites to help make my dining, travel and shopping decisions and I never take the time to give back!! I know, I know....awful. I'm turning over a new leaf! Here is my first Yelp. Please don't judge. It's my first time.... Okay, here goes. So, I went to Matt's for the first time a few days ago....Food- Amazing.  Best pancakes ever! I'm not sure what the secret ingredient is but they are beyond good! Fluffy little cakes of love. I also tasted the butter burger. Very, very, yummy. If you decide to dine here make sure you try the bacon. I don't think I've ever tasted anything like it. Sweet, savory and cooked just right.The building is very small, the wait is extra long and make sure you don't overindulge on the free refills of ice tea because there is NO BATHROOM!! The seating is cramped and the service is rushed, but the food is worth dealing with Matt's shortcomings.
IhVNA9hUjtdk1zufzziNug	Lnohr9bpCbHNsomazXDg-w	1	3	How does this restaurant generate so many 4 and 5 star ratings? I know it was on the food channel, but honestly the food was sub-par. Maybe it was just an off day, but I have a feeling it wasn't. The prices were not outrageous, but it wasn't cheap either. The atmosphere was nice, if very cafeteria like.But the food was way way too "greasy." And bland. And my stomach now aches after eating there....
SWHnJvsZVqBJzDSGS0YwLw	7U8TYNW4Mvx6m3zexsO0sg	4	0	Yum!Steaks were great! Corn breadlarge portionsdefinitely worth the price!
zTr5W2aHhGuY7FC4bFflbQ	aHGcI-KGitnGRco_D_I9Ag	3	1	I much prefer drinking here to eating here.  Sometimes it is the only place close and I decide to order food and I always regret it.  I'm a vegetarian so maybe I'm too limited and the burgers are awesome   So stick to traditional fare.  The salads my daughter and I had yesterday were pathetic
b7KiP9ZNOyfaLgS24dAcdQ	u9MKnG0PqI8N7ixSfrrTiw	3	1	If I could give this 2.5 stars, I would.  But that's because I've been to Joe's Real BBQ, and so I know how good BBQ can be.Famous Dave's is fine.  There are two of them I know of, and I've been to both.  They're both fine.We visited this one, near Chandler mall, for lunch.  We ordered off the lunch menu.  My wife and I both had the brisket sandwich.  I had the Wilbur beans, she had fries.  It was fine.  Not great, but OK.The brisket meat itself did not seem to be smoked.  At all.  Meat has a certain look and taste when it has been smoked, and this just didn't have it.  Frankly, the meat seemed sorta pale...as if it had been boiled instead of grilled or smoked.  And either the meat or the sauce was excessively salty.  It wasn't severe (or I would have returned it), but it was noticeable.  Salt should enhance flavor, not stand out as a major flavor.And a note about the sauce.  I examined one of their 'for sale' bottles (you can buy their sauce to take home).  Did they use molasses or brown sugar, as most self-respecting BBQ chefs would?  No.  High fructose corn syrup.  Yuck.  Besides that stuff being poison to your pancreas, it's just "not right".  That's not how BBQ is done.Anyway, Famous Dave's is really nothing special.  The BBQ is "OK", but not very authentic.  Given the choice I would take Joe's, hands-down.  But if you want some BBQ, and are nowhere near Joe's, this will do.  Beats the heck out of Tom's BBQ, that's for sure (see my review of Tom's...truly awful).  And the beans and fries are pretty good.
jWKbfXA2oxlgmZrW0VA02A	qNoNkF1yJctEs3t40VkX4w	4	1	Went there for Dinner on a Friday night and I have to say I'm impressed by the quality of the food and the reasonable prices.  There's a great deal of variety and some creative New Mexican dishes.  I'd go so far as to say this is the best New Mexican restaurant in the East Valley!  Its not super spicy like Los Dos but there's a lot more flavor and you'll still feel the burn.Pro's:  The Food and ServiceCon's:  Ambiance & decor could use a little jazzing up, location is not ideal
yt_CpzmwoSv3NPGNcHzI-w	eR_vyBCRhMQKhmHbxFkPVw	4	3	So Wednesday evening I needed milk and cat food. On my way to the store I realized my stomach was growling. Never a good idea to shop on an empty stomach. A while back in The Savvy Shopper rag in the China Grill ad was a little banner about Wok n Stix being a new location. And because of an event that fell apart this week I had a bug to eat something Asian. So I found it and stopped in.Chinese fast food. They also have hamburgers and a few other things. I stuck with something I figured I would like, orange chicken ($7.95). It came reasonably quick, was too hot to eat right away. Most of my Chinese fast food consists of Panda Express and Ming Gee. This was much better, in addition to the onions and bell peppers listed mine had mushrooms, celery, sprouts and some other stuff. Service was on styrofoam with plastic utensils. Even though I was eating in the rice came in a take out box which I thought was sorta weird. I still hate eating out alone but at least I wasn't the only person in the place. Each side of the place had a long upholstered bench with tables and chairs that could be slid along to make up different seating and two tables in the middle.There was nobody being served at the front counter when I was finished so I stopped,picked up a menu and talked to the woman there and found out she is an owner. They have had the place for 6 months and are the same family that owns China Grill not far away.
3eY_MfLha0Sbv4B2IXpqVw	13lNc7KSuVHBrUybTR23qw	4	1	Excellent selection of unusual but delicious pizzas.  my favorite so far include prosciutto pizza and the lamb pizza
WrYEb2x-JkLZLfLimP5csg	-EctXOb3B7T177jGYUhjVA	3	2	The beer list here is GREAT. Seriously. If you like craft brews, go here.The food is meh. There are a lot of really interesting combinations, but the execution wasnt the best. The service is also meh. All 8 of us had to be wary when our waitress came around to tell her that so and so needed something too. She would take one or two orders at a time. Seriously though, the beer is awesome.
N9cAK1CCCYdgicvD7c8Ywg	AhpzPZH3b0PGT9mVoLCQDg	3	1	Kabuki was great....A lovely little middle-of-the-afternoon oasis found in Tempe Marketplace!  I scoped out the menu had some some sushi for happy hour, including some rare beef sashimi, some unusual and unique rolls and complimentary edamame.  Although I did not dine here for a full meal, I feel justified in expressing my enjoyment of their happy hour.  The tiny bar was cozy and the service was good.  The happy hour prices were enticing and I would definitely return for it:)  Although for my personal taste the ambiance of Kabuki seemed a little too corporate for me I definitely would return for their happy hour and maybe to sample other menu items.  I will keep you posted on my next visit:)
cpJejPGKMujmhyBbRSn1fQ	Aicnm12Zped8nQFXyRRFvw	4	1	Ok...this place is *REALLY* outdated...HOWEVER, the food was great.  The Veggie plate was gone fast (barely got to taste any of it ... wife loved it) and my Gryo plate was very good as well.  This is the ONLY other place that I've been to where the Felafel was great!  I've been to only one other place...
-Ieb92HyWYckqlJTAuf_GA	ZdQbDVZWDsO-d7q2qW8E3A	1	1	My wife and I live around the corner, hadn't eaten here in a few months. We got food for take out, Mongolian beef,kung po chicken,pad Thai noodles.  Mongolian beef, there were more white onions then scallions and it was very bland. Kung po chicken,lots of white meat chicken the whole dish only had one peanut and the taste of this dish was non existent. Very very Blah... Pad Thai noodles,the dish was dry and came out of the container in one giant clump. It tasted like plain noodles, i was glad I had peanut sauce in the fridge to,add to it. Then it was edible .... We will not be going back to G@S.. Very disappointed !!!! From now on it will be Jade palace on 92nd street. For take out Asian !!!!  Do yourself a favor go elsewhere !!!!
39kwDyJI29y3poToHdCcHQ	732Z5HGLEEBjAgXxfnuXlQ	5	5	So your going to Scottsdale via Paradise Valley....or your coming from Scottsdale heading east....your stomach is growling but you don't want the usual...then look no further than Jason's Deli. I was in that situation on Friday night and decided to give this locale a try....and I must say I was not disappointed. I had the Smokey Jack Panini with Smoked turkey breast....guacamole....provolone cheese....lettuce...tomato....bacon on the side which I gave to my wife....LOL...since I don't eat red meat....and Russian dressing. However sandwich was made to order and pressed perfectly on the grill....and the flavor was outstanding. They give you a pickle and homemade potato chips on the side....and I also had some lemonade which comes from a fountain with free refills. I almost missed out on the free Ice Cream....but I seen people walking around with cones of Ice Cream and I had my wife ask was it free. Indeed it was and we both enjoyed a nice Ice Cream cone....mine was chocolate vanilla swirl...and you can also get it in a cup as well. The service was great and the whole place had a real nice neighborhood feel to it.....I look forward to returning here very soon. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!
wFe8lRlC5lmBGpbbJvBdlw	hsOnzcy8mFbUvIWFC1agoQ	4	1	Sandbar gives us North Scottsdalers another chance at a casual bar on our side of town!  Located near Scottsdale Road and Shea, Sandbar has a pretty convenient location and is usually a fun spot to go out dancing and drinking.  The DJ is either hit or miss; sometimes he plays awesome music and everyone's on the dance floor and other times the dance floor is completely empty because the music ain't so great. I've always wondered if anyone has become so intoxicated while at Sandbar that they have fallen into the little pond outside. Unfortunately, I have never seen this happen.But I have woken up in the morning with a Sandbar server schedule in my pocket with no recollection as to why.My friend was dancing so crazy one night on one of the platforms, that when she jumped off, she sprained her ankle. See? Sandbar's a really good time.Oh and if you get hungry, there's a little hot dog cart out front, so you can eat a wiener, drink and be merry.
3BnCZAfr2Dwe5dkxE_cB-g	EGiGWZp_zSqdeftiFQ7MbA	3	0	I like the review of the whacked waiter... i think he may be still at work at 'Cantina Laredo' cuz i think he served us....... Called ahead after a Cardinals game to make sure there was room enough for our party of 10- " No problem " we were told , come on down. arrived 9:00 ish on a beautiful 80F evening in Scottsdale -stepped across a half empty patio into the spacious Cantina - chilled to an ungodly 60F- Note to the great state of Arizona : (the reason that y'all are booming and experiencing sustained in-migration is because people are like lizards--- ( in more ways than one)---they like the sun , they like the heat ... they flee from northern climes to get away from the chill - Don't AC your premises such that it reminds us of Duluth in winter.... we just escaped Duluth in winter and fled south to thaw ) .we asked for a spot on the patio and our man immediately declined stating that " he had already set a table for us inside"- upon my wife's insistence that he reevaluatethe patio  he disappeared for a moment or two and then reappeared - affirming that the half empty patio was indeed full. this puzzled my wife who then surmised that : A) he wanted our large party in his section -not the patioB) there would likely be a built in minimum gratuity on the final bill                                       ( there was)                  after taking our drink order ,(competently),  he returned with salsa and chips. The salsa he described as being of two types "hot " or "regular"-there were indeed two temperatures -but they appeared  to be seperated thermally rather than chemically -??  the same salsa one served at room temperature , one served chilled...???when asked about the best dishes for people who wanted a little kick to their food he replied: " I wouldn't really know , I don't like spicy food" ????????????????? Dude , can you not at least fake something.... it is after all a Mexican restaurant. If people want spice they go Mexican - if they want bland they seek out a Saskatchewan restaurant - non? The meal was salvaged - ( not saved), by a compatriot of our man who hailed from Durango- he spoke knowledgeably about the menu , filled our empty margarita glasses and retreated into the kitchen to assemble , on our behalf , a pepper mole sauce that was truely outstanding.The food was uninspired -( there was a Baja Grill of some sort across the parking lot and we wondered if they shared a kitchen...) , the service was poor ( excepting our hombre from Mejico ), and the casa freakishly cold--Two stars tops over all but boosted up to three by our amigo from Victoria de Durango
p4Aea4EFNIj6rTmuDRln4g	hCtyvahPsEOUb38LKxEQNQ	3	0	My boyfriend and I tried this place out last Saturday. Our total was $24 for 2 burgers, 2 fries, 2 beverages. Not bad for a lunch in Scottsdale. We found the burgers to be just OK tasting. Nothin special to lure us back anytime soon. I was satisfied with portions for $. I think people are used to ridiculous huge meals like the ones served at cheesecake factory which are big enough to feed a family of horses so when they see a normal single portion they feel underwhelmed/cheated. I found the restaurant to be clean and nice enough to sit & enjoy the burger & kill some time before our movie started.
wa_exNUrfZRlzk8xiqYDxA	_oQN89kF_d97-cWW0iO8_g	2	1	I read all the good reviews of this restaurant , and wanted to try it, as it's right up the street from where I live. I don't think I hit a bad night, it was slow, the service  was horrible, they confused our order with the table next to us. He  put  plates of food  down and walked off, the order had nothing to do with ours.We tried to get his attention,gave up and took a bite.OMG, it was AWFUL,fried fish that tasted so fishy that I couldn't eat it.At that point, the table next to us realized it was their meal , and got up and walked out . Finally I got the waiters attention, he took the plates ,gave us the correct meal, and didn't offer to do anything about all of our time he had wasted, let alone the mistake. Our real meal was O.K., I tried the tamales, wasn't blown away,my boyfriend said his steak was so-so. I don't think I would come back again.
2XkrLvu5xTfOJIdYFeE0Yg	ZhMlXLXuZf5z7lxunHk2ww	5	1	As good as it gets.  We ate here for a birthday celebration and we were taken away by the great food and service (as usual).  We requested the V Lounge and were given a nice corner booth.  When we sat down there was a birthday card signed by the employees of the restaurant -- a very nice touch.  For appetizers, we had oysters and the (best) crab cakes (anywhere).  Steaks and seafood as our main courses paired well with the red cabernet wine.  Overall, just incredible.  Completely up to par with Eddie V's standards -- comparing to Houston and Austin.  My mom forgot her sweater at the booth and a hostess ran out to give it to her.  We also got a follow-up phone call the next day asking how everything went.  For those special occasions or a fun happy hour, Eddie V's never lets you down!  Also, their Banana's Foster is divine!  Save room for it or just stuff your face and go to the gym the next day -- delish!
9J6zDTYyPjMqDC-KUQIE3Q	M6fjHpkL9IRI-nI0BattRw	4	5	I'm still feelin the love. A most wonderful combination found I today of simple delightful food, a laid back atmosphere, warm staff, dog-friendly accommodations, a vegan-friendly menu and... oh yeah... all day Monday Happy Hour.  Thank you TMI for the immediate bowl of water set down for my hound, the speedy $4 glass of red, and a yummy manageably-sized veg sandwich. I couldn't have asked for a better ending to this much dreaded Monday. It was lovely winding down and enjoying the sunset while other suckers waited in traffic.I second Sarah G's enthusiasm for Sophie's salad sans mozzarella. Mmmm mmmm arthichoke. My next mission is the Cash Money sammie with house made cashew butter (wha?!) Cabernet jelly AND bananas. It's like Elvis met Sophia Lauren and decided to class it up. Soon will I be back to attempt such an adventure. Very soon.
9V5XGfH54FWON5zkK6SpSg	3n9mSKySEv3G03YjcU-YOQ	3	0	Bad service, great food, awful coffee.
RriK-Hb3PGwroO7Zfnd8pw	jsJxRLGm8zjWm_HVR2FDnw	2	0	I'm usually a big fan of dive bars but wasn't impressed, at all.  One of the kegs was empty so my friends didn't get their "favorite" beer, not a huge deal but not a good thing for 5pm on a Friday.  The servers seemed really overwhelmed and was probably due to the fact that there were only 4 for the entire place and it was really busy.On a very positive note, my friends said that the food was really good for bar food.This might be a great place for any day and time other than happy hour on a Friday.
u89APIU0kXS1-JPqBcPIgA	eTbtfgUtfewdncgVf2CbWw	4	1	This place is fantastic - very tasty and a nice surprise for the Tempe area.   Tempe seems to be full of places meant for those in college (makes sense because it is, in fact, a college town) - but for those of us who work in the are this is a nice break from the regular places.  I will be adding this to my list of lunch options. It is really nice when you are looking for a light salad or even quiche.  I would recommend this.
W3R-lEDWBooITQOgwwblKw	lVHtVCyFJOqAH0ltn7pLuw	3	0	I had been craving sushi steadily for about two weeks, so I decided to try somewhere new. This place happens to be just across the street from my work and the reviews on here were a vote of confidence. I had the cherry blossom roll and rainbow roll, shared edamame, and hot green tea. The cherry blossom roll was good, not amazing, but good. The fish was fresh enough, and I did like the eel sauce drizzled on it. The rainbow roll was much less rainbow than I'm used to. The rainbow roll did have a bit of a fishy taste, and the whitefish on it was a pale yellowish brown color, and not as moist as it could have been. The crumbled macadamia nuts were and interesting and kind of fun garnish. The edamame was tasty, not over cooked, but could have used a little more salt. The green tea was boiling hot, with the kind of walnutty aftertaste you get from good green tea, I was disappointed it came in a single glass, not in a tea pot diffuser with a teacup like at most restaurants.My girlfriend had pork katsu, the sauce drizzled on it was sweet and vinegary, but not too overwhelming. Gauging from the fact that she ate all of it I would assume it was pretty good. The salad that came with it was a bit strange, iceberg lettuce and a cream sesame dressing. The miso soup on the side was better than the little packets I get at the store, but didn't taste home made. It was not too salty, but the tofu must have been dehydrated, it was in tiny little shriveled squares on the bottom of the bowl. The waitstaff was very attentive and friendly. It wasn't too busy when we went, about 5pm. The music was typical pop music, but thankfully unlike some places (RA for instance) its not blaring. I would say its definately not the best sushi I've ever had, not even the best I've had in arizona, but it was ok. The rainbow rolls at kobe are better.
zEmsQ-WVAxXKG4QjH1gfxw	1NZLxU5WvB5roPFzneAlLw	5	1	3 syllables for this place. A-MAZ-ING!The best Phoenix has to offer.
anRbWt5BCVmxuiQCimIIjw	OFBJtqWGSx6n6CchtVmoRw	4	7	I came here after having wanted to try this place for some time.  I love hamburgers, and a good burger is a real treat for me.  Nothing complicated really, just a good well made burger.When my date and I arrived, we liked the interior.  The place was smaller then I had anticipated.  Very narrow seating.  Anyways, service and menu selections were excellent.  I went with the traditional burger, and my date went with the Panini.  I went with the French fries, and date went with sweet potato.  I loved both.  The excitement of my night was the fries in the shopping cart!!Anyways, I was happy with my experience here.  I would return, and liked my food.  So did date. Aside from tight seating, lovely place!
cqXOZprfCylgAP-IRVOLHg	TMdHhDI7jYQ9206dtvrBgA	5	1	I've been coming here since the 70's when it was across the street and had a screen door. I know the staff and the daily specials by heart.  When I lived away from PHX it was the place I wished for. When I go to NYC I have to take RM food to my friends. The whole family agrees. I don't understand the negative reviews. The reviewers must have had a bad day. I love the food and so has everyone  I know.
ROKM11JR_yGq3mnSy_chZA	YCCDMLcb7UW8G-o_HsWiiA	3	3	It's not hard to find a steakhouse in Scottsdale.  Modern Steak's schtick is that it is... well, "modern" in the sense that it's not in a dark oak-filled room with overstuffed booths.  Unfortunately, however, "modern" also means that it's in a mall.  Ugh.Pretty efficient (if not brusque) service, with decent enough food.  I had the salmon w/ maple and bacon glaze.  It's a bit of a bizarre combo -- I'm not sure the salmon quite holds up under such a sweet glaze, but you can't complain too much anytime bacon is involved :)
ShPQNfKz9k9lZQRrotOKGA	NNGJQF3WeIHzGzweCpZ-VA	5	0	The food and service were both amazing. I've had the gyro pita, orzo and greek potatoes. All were fantastic. Try the gelato also. It's the best in town! The owners are very friendly and happy to speak with each customer.
GgVqF1e-R6tmIqlvmRccuQ	FhjdZ2DtjVgCfK47bYO6sw	5	7	Rita's Kitchen is a hidden gem located right smack in the center of the Camelback Inn. While this may be a hot-spot for hotel guests, I think that locals might be missing out on its charm. I am a huge fan of anything the Camelback Inn does, especially since they offer live music and a great space for relaxation and Rita's Kitchen is no exception. This restaurant is airy and opens up to the spacious Camelback Inn patio where they play live music every night. Breakfast: Breakfast at Rita's is sublime and pretty reasonably priced. They offer a breakfast buffet for around $23 which includes eggs made to order (including omelets), pancakes, waffles, pastries, fresh fruit, bacon, sausage and hashbrowns. It's a great pick for a leisurely weekend breakfast. Just today was Mother's Day and while we only did the breakfast buffet, I did catch a glimpse of the Mother's Day brunch and holy moly do they know how to wow a crowd! Not only did they have stations set up all throughout the restaurant, patio and R-Bar, but they also had an extensive dessert area with build-your-own sundaes, freshly made cotton candy (in an old fashioned cotton candy maker) and a long dessert table with a chocolate fountain. Lunch:Lunch here is sublime and I also enjoy either the tacos or the chicken sandwich. The chicken sandwich is particularly a favorite of mine due to the cheese and sauce. The fries are tasty as well and you can either get sweet potato or regular. I also get sweet potato then regret not just getting the regular which are better in my mind. If the weather permits, sit on the patio and enjoy the beautiful water fountains, views of the mountain and tropical/desert setting.
-GIRAMumwpwkJ790HOd9KQ	8cL7aJVKTYmLguzXEAS3Lw	5	0	We happened upon this location when meeting a friend for dinner.  When I showed up there was a line of about 20 people ahead of me.  i asked them to put me in first available and they said 15-20min and then 45min for a booth.Ok, I'll wait.Our friends showed up and my girlfriend had asked if there was a spot at the bar we could sit in the mean time.  We were there for about 10min already.  That's when she said to us. "Your table inside is ready"  she walked us right there and we were sat.  WOW!  that was quick!We ordered drinks and food.  I got these jerk chicken wings for an appetizer and holy cow, they were delicious.  For my main dish I ordered a garlic noodle dish.  It definitely hit the spot.  My only beef would be that it was hard to talk with so many people inside.  I wont let that affect the rating though.Awesome place!
OxlQFXVZbYxBEJSh8czh0A	g-eZgnBDvSDguF8cUxKCkA	5	0	We stayed at the Hyatt Gainey Ranch during spring break and had a fabulous time. We ate at SWB for lunch and enjoyed it so much we ordered dinner that evening to eat in the room with our kids. My husband ordered me the chocolate caramel tart which turned out to be one of the best desserts I've ever had. I tried looking for the recipe and couldn't find it so I figured it wouldn't hurt to ask for it. Surprisingly I received an almost immediate response from the hotel that they would let the chef know. Within a few hours the recipe from the chef was in my e-mail with additional tips! Now I call that customer service. We loved the hotel and loved the restaurant. Looking forward to going back someday.
Ob4PFYGeHC0Frj34-l0uDw	9BH18avE46LlHMvJn67MaA	4	1	I had a nice lunch here on a hot summer day. $12 for a good pastrami sandwich with crispy seasoned fries and an iced tea. Definitely recommend the food.Line was very short on a Friday afternoon. Soda machine ran out of ice, but they filled my cup with ice from ice maker in back and quickly filled machine with more ice.
z8WydPXflaC4Yvk6WUSxpg	BO_TJFFJyXu8i2rW83hG3g	4	0	More like 3.5 stars, but I'm rounding up because the overall property was so nice.Good Food, Good Service, Good View (overlooking the golf course).I had the Chicken Caprese sandwich which was quite tasty, but the burger my mom has was WAY better.  If you go here.... order a burger.  They are big, juicy and super duper good.  It's also super duper messy.  It's a "fork and knife" type of burger. Their bloody mary is pretty good... a little too tomato-y.... needed more seasoning.Mom's John Daly Peach drink was refreshing.  Good for cooling off and relaxing after a round of golf.  :)Tater Tots were served with our sandwiches and they were good... but nothing all that special.  They were crunchy on the outside and soft and hot on the inside... but for this type of establishment.... I would have expectetd Truffle Tots or something different.Their relishes that they offered on the side were 'ok'..... I was not impressed.  They tasted like they were from a bottle.... I'm sure they make their own relish... I'm just saying they didn't taste any different than the ones you get at the store.
sQN2Mo5KRTi3_vd3GaVcbQ	e8FMAuTswDueAlLsNyLhcA	4	1	Go from brunch and get the breakfast nachos. OMG. They were to die for. red chile sauce, two cheeses, baked chips, chorizo eggs. Got sour cream on the side and left of the pico. Came with sausage gravy that was not the artery cloggin' kind. These were so yummy.It was a little dark inside (full out front) and they don't have sweet & low. Nice ambience. Totally cool for the kids, too, but no paper kids menu.
wKZh0hKZbRNBiE-59mbk-g	TuuENwzxOFdDLY_oKCbFZw	2	1	Sorry, I am gonna get killed here... I am not that impressed.I kept hearing about this place and it was so so at best. The food is sloppy and very expensive but has a decent tasteThe place was also a little dirty looking..Just a bunch of sandwiches and the pizza was a disaster, go there if you are into quirky places that charge a lot and are not the best.The waitress seemed pre-occupied by what?? not us.
MMt47JTaLAmrbf4d_ATCPA	vxPPpj5jJKO8DtapF5S-NQ	4	3	Wow, not what we were expecting at all. But that's a good thing. The restaurant would qualify as a "Dive" in most circles, a tiny 20 seat affair with recycled refer units as cabinets located in the corner of a strip mall with a 99 cent store and a BigLots. Not exactly a high-end neighborhood.But after having heard of this little cafe in The New Times and finding that Phoenix Magazine rated their Ceviche and Shrimp salad as one of the Valley's top 50 dishes, we decided that we must give it a try! The article in New Times raved about something called a Pupusa and description sounded familiar, once we were there I realized why.Every culture on earth seems to have developed some form of stuffed hand pie. You know the formula, a regional bread or pastry dough, formed into a pocket and stuffed with savory or sweet fillings. Food on the go. Well in El Salvador it's called a Pupusa, and they were delicious!A kind of thick corn tortilla type bread, filled with several different types of  fillings, pork and cheese, beans, chicken and cheese, beef and cheese or beef, bean and cheese.Now this is NOT your typical Arizona/Mexican food. The cheese is a freshly made cheese that is a Salvadoran tradition and is one of the best fresh cheeses I have ever had, smooth and soft yet very flavourful. The tortilla is not what you might be used to either, they are corn tortillas but they are not the course chip like corn tortillas so prevalent in Americanized Hispanic foods. They are thick, soft and delicious. It is this tortilla that is the basis of their Pupusas.Don't expect to find the standard "Mexican Restaurant" re-fried beans here either. Spicy, flavourful and smooth, having been mashed right after cooking, they are among the best example of simple yet wonderful tastes you will experience here.We had some of all of the different Pupusas offered on the menu which are priced very reasonable indeed, and were impressed with all of them, though the pork and cheese and the bean were my personal favorites.We also had a corn tamale that was sweet and moist and tasty, rolled in a banana leaf instead of the corn husk we are used to. Perhaps that is why it was so much more moist than your average corn tamale.To finish off our repast we enjoyed the fried plantains, actually an appetizer on the menu, they were crispy on the outside and starchy and tasty inside. Served with freshly made salsa and the Salvadoran version of Crème Fraîche that was also a hit.The owner was our server and I am still not sure she spoke much English, but she was very nice to us and the orders were always right. As well as very very hot! I had to let my Pupusas sit a few minutes before they were cool enough to consume, and a word of warning, Plantains retain heat even better than potatoes do so proceed carefully.As I've said the Ceviche and Shrimp salad is an award winner and the Carne Asada that the folks at the next table had ordered looked delicious. However I could not ask their opinion as they did not seem to speak English either and my Spanish is worse than terrible. But they seemed to be enjoying it, I'll give it a try next time.They serve breakfast too and I can hardly wait to give that a try as well.Stop in, you'll be glad you did.
bnHBeO3MIyG_yduDiN-XpA	KwGQqUCpHHhOhVqyOL2QTA	3	2	While Scottsdale's Jackrabbit Supper Club is Britney Spears-approved -- the pop singer made the rounds last December when she reportedly made out with Arizona Cardinals hottie Matt Leinart -- it's a little too clubby for my taste. The music is usually loud, making it hard to carry on a conversation and nearly everyone looks like they stepped out of the pages of a fashion magazine. Oh, and be prepared to throw down more than the norm for drinks -- martinis are $13! If all of this isn't scaring you away, you'll probably have a good time. And the best part? The bar offers hourly burlesque-style performances from the club's saucy dancers.
DYhwTfyy6PIHgc13K_ZjJA	hWhVP-28LYP3llaMlAJ_JA	5	0	Definitely one of my favorite places to eat, hands down.  I love their enchiladas verdes combo.  Their refried beans are THE BEST!  I have been eating here for over 15 years and the waitresses are mostly the same.  Definitely feels like you are at an old friends house when you are there.  Yes, it is in a bad area, but that hasn't ever deterred me from telling everyone I know that if they want really good, real Mexican food at a great price, to head down there.  And their green salsa for dipping chips is amazing.
dP8S_sPtD4BA90Kil5wJJA	mKNK-LCFJMtYuNc8kzsaAw	5	0	This is a great QT for when you're driving through Phoenix on I-17. It's right off the freeway so it's perfect for stopping for gas and grabbing a tasty snack.Plus it's a QuikTrip, there isn't really any part of it that isn't awesome.
_CV94H0BgcZ_VjrGllmXpg	qjmCVYkwP-HDa35jwYucbQ	4	1	I had been dying to try True Food Kitchen for a while now, after seeing reviews on it on various people's "Vegetarian" lists. I was even more psyched to see that it not only is close to where I live, but also took the place of that awful Coffee Plantation spot in the Biltmore! Yay!I went with my somewhat reluctant meat-eating boyfriend, but he was quickly won over with their expansive alcohol menu and their plethora of meat dishes- all either local or organic. A place we can both agree on!I ordered the honey lemonade ($3) which was the perfect balance between tart and sweet-- honey is a great sweetener! I was brought a refill just when my glass became less than half full-- bonus!We also ordered the hummus appetizer (~$8), which we both enjoyed immensely. My boyfriend liked the tart olives and feta cheese, whereas I loved the cucumbers! There was more hummus left over as our pita bread slices dwindled, but that just means we loaded up our pieces!For my main course, I had the TLT (Tempeh, Lettuce, and Tomato) ($9), which I really enjoyed. The tempeh was pretty crunchy, but it was balanced by the smooth avocado slices. The boyfriend ordered the Organic Ravioli with Ricotta cheese and kale pesto (~$13), which was super good! It came with 6 pieces of ravioli, which he thought was not enough at first, but after he cleaned his plate he said he was "stuffed." Good sign!! The plate also comes with a ton of meaty mushrooms, which made it even better in my opinion. We definitely did not have room for dessert, but I've heard mixed reviews of the desserts so I'm not sure if that's something we'll end up trying. Our server was extremely attentive to us, did not pressure us into ordering anything extra, and was prompt in refilling water glasses, answering questions, and bringing the check.The atmosphere is interesting- a mix of well-dressed business and retired people (think: khaki pants, button up shirts, sweater vests (in the winter); nurses just off work; people coming in for happy hour (jeans and nice shirts); and people just in off the street (shorts, casual shirts, even hats). I really liked this ambiance, because it doesn't make it too stuffy and turn people "off" of this locally grown, organic restaurant concept.We would definitely be back in a heartbeat, but the only reason I marked it down was because we were sitting underneath their funky lights, and a spider fell out of the light on to my boyfriend's arm. He wasn't terribly bothered by it (other than 'wtf, why is there a spider on my arm?') but I would have freaked out. So... don't sit under the lights, if you can help it!
zkpzZv9L9kpCUVvyyGPw-Q	P1R-DyUyBeWCvPKrRkglsQ	1	5	oK, first i broke my promise to myself and went here again, i figured by now things have got to be better. i ordered something that i wouldn't care if it was cold, French Toast. ok so the french toast is good. but it wasn't worth waiting 40 fucking minutes to get it. and on top of it. my friends food was cold again. one of them would rather eat glass then eat at this place so refused to order a cold meal, but since my other friend was paying she said fuck it i'll go.well she ordered toast and some sausage as sides. and my other friend ordered the mish mash, his review of the place is more generious then mine, but he's only been there once and said it wasn't so bad. lol.so anyways toast, soo cold the butter couldn't even melt. and cold sausage to boot. the friend with the mishmash, lol. i saw the bottom of the bowl and it was all a weird watery substance at the bottom. how hard is it to drain poached eggs before dumping them in a bowl?i was going to give palatte 3 stars based on the french toast, but it was hardly warm. i so badly want to like this place cause it's close and Matt's is always packed.can i please get a breakfast place in the roosevelt area that is large enough to seat more then 20 people and serves good breakfast?
UomIbZJSHfjXAGpFxiDxFA	iELA6eREUgDVQrtLgYmS6Q	4	4	Oh Yogurtland.....why can't I resist your calling?I had to run an errand and saw this location next to a Fedex Office...perfect!  I dropped in and ordered:Double Cookies & Cream, Strawberry, and Cheesecake...topped with Peanuts, Captain Crunch, and Reese's Peanut Butter Cup for around $4.90.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Co4cQNWyAYv7Hw8jKcEKJg?select=VcouxvxQ0Sl310XRxn9HOghttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Co4cQNWyAYv7Hw8jKcEKJg?select=8xzd9ms7YvNaEAvn1irgsQIt was of course awesome!  The line was very short too....even though the weather was in the mid-90's....boy did I luck out!Return Factor - 100%
f6imoOr8UeKXXyJtSt-AWw	AkOruz5CrCxUmXe1p_WoRg	2	0	Craving a noodle soup--thought I'd check this place after seeing the reviews.  Upon entering I didn't like the air quality, smelled like dirty deep frying oil.  Upon perusing the menu and looking around at other diners food, I realized it was mostly composed of tempura, duh, deep fried.  Yikes, I am not a fan of deep frying but that explained the smell.   I opted for the shrimp udon soup.  It wasn't anything near the wonderful soup I had experienced elsewhere, especially this great Japanese restaurant in Chiang Mai that had this amazing moat around the sushi chefs were they would float the sushi on little boats that you could pick and choose.  Very disappointing, broth, noodles, spinach, green onion and 2 shrimp, $8.  I did get an added bonus of deep fat smell covering my clothing.
DvMquoPKQFWFkkmzbfFQOA	oLYOGtdW5RxvaBiSdv3WCw	4	0	This is my favorite breakfast/brunch spot. Fresh bagels and different types of cream cheese.They even have Bagel Thins for those who are cutting their carbs. You don't pay the person who took you order, but move down the line to pay for your food.Their iced coffee are a great deal!! It's a 20oz cup for less than $3!
ig5kYd1TvqHtnDu_AJH13g	IVc23uY-36WUNYoIbz42Fg	5	1	I had the best culinary experience of my 8 years in Phoenix tonight. First time at Switch. Started off with some appetizers; pesto & sun dried tomato risotto, marinated chicken breast, Mac n cheese. All delicious!  Next my wife orders the blackened salmon. I looked at her with my wtf scowl. We don't even eat seafood. "It looks interesting" she says. Whatever. It gets to the table and it's the biggest hunk of salmon I've seen. We simultaneously stab into it with our forks, take a bite, and we look at each other like the first time we fell in love. The combination of the salmon, bacon and sautéed greens was out of this world. Coupled with the bread pudding and sweet tomato concoction put me over the top. We let the waitress know what we experienced and to thank the chef. She brought him out and he spoke with us for about 15 minutes. Jason is touched by the hand of God. He proceeded to tell us what he had planned for tomorrow's dinner menu and we made reservations on the spot for tomorrow night. I never knew food could profoundly affect your mood but I was driving home singing my heart out to my iPod. Got home, plugged the iPod into the stereo and continued the concert, danced with my dog and made me a latte.  Perfect night.  Thank you Jason and Switch.
5lNGrP620pJIVGhr2XkQPA	YQvg0JCGRFUkb6reMMf3Iw	4	0	The only place I go for a nice lunch on Mill. Two words: Beet Salad. Thank me later.
_p-ylizuse5eGnoOrcknlA	M6fjHpkL9IRI-nI0BattRw	4	15	It's the middle of January and 75 degrees out.  While there's no shortage of things to do outside, there aren't many dog-friendly places for that where you can sit down and eat.Jacqui J and I took out doggies to the dog park.  They're bruthas, you see, and hadn't hung out in awhile.  We had MLK day off together and spend the afternoon together.  Trying to decide where to eat with the pooches, I thought of TMI because I had seen so many people recently check in on Yelp.  Their patio is pretty big and mostly shaded.  This wasn't a day to be too concerned about shade, since it wasn't hot out.  I read the reviews ahead of time and already knew what I wanted before I even got there.  I was happy to have to take home a doggie bag, too.  I got the olives, red goat salad and the mac and cheese.  I will eat anything that includes green chiles in it.  Anything.  A few varieties of olives were served wtih fresh herbs and a dash an oil & vinegar.  I love all olives and don't always buy them for home, so it was a real treat.  They came in a little bowl, but there were about 20 of them.  The red goat salad was perfect: tons of pistachios on it, big chunks of goat cheese and strawberries.And den...and den...the mac and cheese, generously stuffed with chopped green chiles, ooey-gooey melted cheese that was crusty on the edges, the way it's supposed to be.I'll be back with Dexter.  They gave him a treat.  Oh, and my meal was treat.  I'm burping up the leftovers as I type this.
Lxv69FsRyAX5L6hLqfJCbQ	OllL0G9Kh_k1lx-2vrFDXQ	1	0	I really don't get why everyone is raving this place.  I've been here twice and ordered the carne asada burrito.  The portions are really small for the price that they charge.  There is too much tortilla for the meat.  I think this place is overrated and that there are better places for carne asada in the valley.
KowGVoP_gygzdSu6Mt3zKQ	106JT5p8e8Chtd0CZpcARw	5	0	RIP AZ Coffee Connection.  :(  I stopped by two days ago unaware that they had closed.  I am severely bummed.  This place is irreplaceable!  Damn you, Starbucks and McDonalds!
KoH2U6Pf3X02Zs4cA_I6bw	_-9pMxBWtG_x8l4rHWBasg	2	1	I've always said if the guacamole, chips and salsa aren't good, the food is not likely to be good either.  I was right, Guacamole was not very good at all, same with the salsa.  Rest of the food was just okay but for a restaurant in the Biltmore I expected so much better.  Just as a note, when it comes to Mexican food, I'm super critical.  This place will probably get a higher ratings from people of the Midwest.
pIF-0VPyKIqaOvgcPylfPQ	_Ne4sL68IW6lEXYvrnkt-w	4	0	Great new addition to Mill Ave. First stopped by here for a Monday Happy Hour, and instantly loved it. This is a perfect day-drinking place when the weather is nice, and they do a good job of creating a large indoor / outdoor space with plenty of patio. Happy Hour is pretty great - 1/2 off almost all beers. (they do well drink / wine specials too, but don't remember what they were. I think it was $1 off... but don't quote me on that.) Bottom line, I had 3 Firestone DBAs, and i think my bill was about 8 bucks before tip. Score. (normal beer prices are in the $5-6 range. A vodka gimlet not on happy hour (well vodka) cost me $4, which is right where it should be.)Also made a return trip on a Saturday night, to get a feel for the weekend crowd. Not too bad, but mildly disappointed. I was hoping it would remain a little more of the chill day-time vibe, but come 10pm the music gets cranked up, and my group decided to move on to a place where we could actually have conversation without screaming. (sidenote: every bartender / waitress I've dealt with here has been really, super nice.)Def. worth a shot I'd say, and I could see it being a fave HH place.
nw66R5FsB3xjOVwyiymQog	2e1jzfiHFGCRpV66gYNVbA	1	8	I have had it with the meat department at Whole Foods Market on Scottsdale Rd & the Mayo Blvd. They really suck.I gave them another chance (out of desperation really) and they blew it!  I am so disappointed.  I purchased some turkey breasts there (3 of them) at around $30.00 for a 4 lb breast. I came home, froze two and cooked one. It smelled, but my husband insisted that it was the smoked smell of being in the butcher case with all the other meats.I trusted his opinion and cooked it. Upon slicing it up for dinner, I found that the free range turkey was very fatty. It was gross but no one got sick luckily.Well, now I just thawed out another one and the same thing but worse. It stinks like the rotting dead animal it is. It is definitely bad.And it gets even worse! As I inspected it and opened up the two breasts (Whole Foods puts two breast together with a net to make one large one), I pulled out about 8 inches of thick, fatty, I don't even know what from it. Let's just say it definitely LOOKS like the dead animal it is too. What ever that stuff is, it is all gray and rotten.They are basically stuffing their Turkey Breasts with junk to make more money. I have had it with them! I am not surprised. They have always been trouble. Frank the manager there is really not the kind of guy one would trust with food. His is kind of creepy and gives off a dirty "I don't care" attitude.I spent over $100.00 there on Turkey (ground & whole) and he (Frank) still charged me for the breast bones - and another employee told me that they usually just throw them in the trash!The meats at this butcher department cannot be trusted. The manager there cannot be trusted and has failed every time. It is really gross; top dollar for top trash! My husband thinks the manager is getting some sort of incentive for selling the "questionable meat" instead of throwing it out!  I am still nauseous from the smell, sight and from touching all that gray, rotting gross stuff. BLEECH!!! I think I ate that in the last one!
7yfWeorPMnVrI0X4xRgbnA	B8ujMtvvpHyEQ2r_QlAT2w	5	7	I am ready to update you to a five because the last three times I have been there, your service has been better, the huevos rancheros has been consistently perfect, I have never had to wait for a seat at the bar and I want to hug the cute new bartender because she is quirkily cute!! If you were still serving breakfast at 6pm, I would come eat you now.
kxOKxUWaZdJ5smh0i-SeIg	rRe2eLIQ4MQ7d6vFL26Qdg	3	1	Always wanted to stop by, and give them a try. Only thing that stopped me were some bad rumors of how clean they are? But then again, how clean is all the places we eat at?? So I had their 8" Meat Ball sandwich, this was my second choice? I wanted was their cheese steak! But they were out of cheeses steak. But I do not regret their meat ball sandwich. It was very good, wish their bread would have been more toasted. But I thought it was good anyways. Place looks like and feels like a lot like Subway. But I do agree, they do add more meat to the sandwich. I will probably come back again.
_qWfA3Be9Ybjnxc6nTGRsQ	DIYHTgM-YGKWOWLzQ4XVhA	5	0	I have passed this place for 20 years and had always heard good things. Well one night when we were kidless we went. It was pricier that we thought but we forgot the price once the meals arrived. We were both very impressed. Warm homemade bread. Awesome salads. I tried the escolar (it's a fish that a friend of mine loved but I had never tried it) and it absolutely melted in my mouth. My husband enjoyed his sausage and peppers. We will definitely go back!
AH4M-ANlfJA0PD4hz1j51Q	6nseTZb6WrGWcithRThfag	4	0	tried this place due to a restaurant.com gift certificate, 4 stars for service, we had an awesome and attentive server which made it great for first visit. drinks were good. went with friends and did some sharing to try the different dishes we ordered. the salmon quesadillas was on the fishy side, the pollo relleno good but a little dry and didnt get the poblano and goat cheese flavors that drew me to choosing the dish, the cilantro mousse sounded more interesting on the menu but was cream cheese and cilantro, the Obama burrito was the winner on our table though. great salsa. would come back and try other dishes and tae in some live music.
6ka2jUMJLx9ti2kRZh05yQ	Pr9rQKypHgC_J1AfufxzIw	5	1	Once again Wildflower proves why it's my favorite breakfast hangout! Jeff the Manager on staff today rocks! Some of us hangout at a restaurant to make it a working meal...and sometimes, during that time Nature calls...so I asked the busboy to not clear my table as I needed to step away for a moment and he cheerfully agreed. I came back to find my table cleared by new patrons who had taken it upon themselves to steal my table (I guess the fact that the food was only half eaten, and the water and coffee were still half filled were no clue). The busboy was upset that he'd turned his back for just a moment and Jeff came to the rescue...after apologizing to me and finding the perfect way to make it right, he vowed to let the new people know that they were rather um 'overly proactive' in clearing the table themselves and that he had some people who regularly relaxed and worked in the restaurant and do step away.He handled the situation with me just right and I am sure that those people that took my table were made to gently understand that they need to ask before taking an uncleared table.Kudos to Jeff and the staff for making me so happy I had to tell everyone here...and to the couple who took my table, if you are reading this...did you REALLY need that booth? I mean, when I came out of the can there were like, I dunno, 5 empty tables...seriously? Like, did you propose there or something????
OBRGsiB-FjLoZewGXtEQ5A	bO2rQLEntQLcg675LjEqaA	3	3	Came here for lunch recently with active Yelper and friend Brett B. I'm sure he'll post up his own review of the place.This is the kind of place you walk up to the register and place your order, then take a plastic number to your table and the server brings you your food. You also get your glass and go fill 'er up at the fountain yourself. I wasn't sure what to expect, but felt good vibes the minute I asked "how big is the salad" and the guy at the register walked into the kitchen to bring me a dish to show me. That was nice and above my expectation, as most places the servers will make a "size" with their hands and shrug and say, "i don't know... about like this?" So, yeah. I like that this guy actually showed me a plate and made a "mound" with his hand to show me some kind of size of the salad. When I ordered "just water" he went to give me a plastic cup with a lid, and then said, "you know what? Just take a regular glass, it's more comfortable...." He trusted me not to fill up my glass with anything but water (and I did only drink water). That was nice, and made me feel like an adult. Not like at some places (much cheaper than this place) that give you a plastic cup like the ones you pee in at the doctor's office, when you order water.I really enjoyed my lunch here - Had a chicken caesar salad (one of my favorite things to order pretty much anywhere i go because I'll never make it at home), along with a cheese pizza.The caesar salad - for those who have a love affair with this meal - was "perfect" . The portion was generous, and it was chopped and tossed. The chicken was shredded and mixed in with the salad, which makes SUCH a difference in getting an even distribution, and reducing pain-in-the-ass-ness of having to cut up a chicken breast atop a salad with oversized utensils like at so many other places. It was perfectly dressed too - not too heavy, just right. And the parmesan cheese was shaved over it, rather than shredded or grated. Nice touch. Excellent flavor, every mouthful.The cheese pizza was a cripsy, ultra thin crust, delicious red sauce (kinda sweet, in a good way), and the cheeses were mozzarella and fontina - the saltiness mixed really well with the sweetness of the sauce and made this simple pizza taste extraordinary.Granted, having had some beyond-extraordinary pizza in new york, I'm spoiled and have to say it was not as good as my favorite thin crust pizza from Totonno's in NYC's upper east side. But still, darn good. I'd eat it again. (I took some home and it didn't look like it heated up well later on when my husband was having it).Brett had the tomato, gorgonzola, chicken, salad on mixed greens. I think it had pine nuts too. I got to taste it and it was even more flavorful than mine. Either one of these would be an excellent choice for those of you who like to order salads. Delicious. And the service was great! The  manager even came by our tables to refill our glasses for us, though the drinks were self-serve from a fountain. the place was not busy when we got there, but it picked up as we were finishing our meals. Great food - great service - great vibe. I hope this place sticks around. Definitely would eat there again. Looking forward to it, even!
KFG2OFPaX0N4omAILlq37Q	vYvT8J9uEh4Fqt7f9ILKlA	1	2	Food middle of the road... The staff is rude.. Seems like it starts with the owner. I think she makes the staff pay for everything that goes wrong so in turn they dont want to fix issues with poor, wrong food etc.  I think she tends to forget the customers are actually what keeps a business open. For a long time it was the only choice in the area. Now there are multiple choices.  If your in the area Chili's or Connolys is much better choice in my oppinion.
zMuTMydgOXEXA7ycogchyA	soiGohHtWOltGeomkSxzEw	1	3	If there was a way I could give this restaurant NO stars, I might have.  The chips and salsa are the ONLY thing that requires a star here.The service was less than average, the food was hotter than the surface of the sun, and the drinks were teeny tiny (and didn't much taste like alcohol).  My husband ordered a green chile dish and it came smothered in red sauce, when he asked the waiter if it looked green or red, the server said, "nope that's what green looks like".  WOW!Sorry but I don't think I will be returning.
BpZhrMPGm5MyiSPYOJ0WwA	obYD-4HxZ3gqhS5hPJKG_Q	4	0	If you need something obscure, or you need to get everything you need in one place, then here you go.  I also love how many different 1 shot mini bottles BevMo has to choose from.
1_I9nQwAsG86w0vuwNg41Q	Bm2PBs_AZEtx93zdtwqUJA	5	1	I have been here many times, pretty much can't go wrong here. prices are good service is prompt and friendly.
22gEHz1TUHw1I9hGgOAnKw	HMUvbAHRnbAczNrYy8e5MA	4	1	I used to come here about once a week for their amazing vegetarian sandwiches. My favorite is the griefo with pepper jack cheese, hemp cream cheese, guacamole, sprouts, lettuce, black olives, onions, mushrooms, cucumbers, and tomatoes. The hemp cream cheese is to DIE for seriously! I also enjoy the humbolt, which is very similar, and the majic mushroom with sliced portabella mushrooms, teriyaki glaze, green bell peppers, pineapple and pepper jack cheese. The 8inch is soo big but makes a great and filling lunch. You can't beat the prices either. Get the garlic herb bread, it is the best. The only thing I do not like about this place is that the whole "marijuana" theme can get old and annoying. This location can also get really really busy and the sandwiches take time to make. Staff is usually pretty friendly and social though. One last thing is that if you eat there or have to wait for a while your clothes will smell like food :/
HOs-JvAydh1WF05wEO496g	dzncF6n6MHJLXUo4_J6eig	4	1	This dry-rub barbecue was delicious. The "sassy" barbecue sauce was meh, but the sweet was good enough to make up for it.
WDrr9VfuAB0AMq6jfXarNg	FqzgT9Y-Yu7jiWdHnGW-kQ	2	0	The Vig was just okay in my opinion.   I met some friends there for happy hour  on a Friday evening and it was packed.   We did get the drinks/app specials, and all the food we tried was just okay.  The atmosphere was your standard trendy bar/meat market. (i.e. A lot of people trying waaaay to hard to look and act cool.)  We had a good time, but I probably wouldn't go out of my way to go back there anytime soon. The people I was with we're great, but The Vig  itself was 'meh'...certainly nothing special.
msXzt_S78n3M7xLKowTTWg	iwzHQ7aBPrxKybarW5q5TA	2	2	Absolutely, positively bitter. They use a powder in lieu of syrups which adds a after taste I don't care for.There was no color difference between my beverage (latte) and my friends (iced coffee). Why... I have no clue. We order these drinks everywhere and this has never happened before.I can see how a powder would be more cost effective but the taste was something I did not care for.Maybe that makes me a coffee snob, I am not sure.
-8a9TktdvoC01Xm69S6Q7w	vN4mFODLd-gLmDg261wsyw	4	0	Our visit to Scottsdale brought us into Fountain Hills to look for a home. While we were there we decided to look at the beautiful fountain we heard so much about. That's when we happened upon this place. The pizza was fantastic!!! It made us want to move here even more. Delicious!
I6rtvk8Sc1U06DIuQ4kIPw	SMpL3z4FLF07bRA6-y22JQ	3	0	We had a large group and they honored our reservation with having the tables ready at our specified time as opposed to getting them ready when we arrived. We had a somewhat set menu. The tofu dumplings were delicious. Satay chicken was alright. We had a choice between 3 entrees. I want to give them higher ratings for their service, but the spiciness between the dishes were very inconsistent. You get to choose on a 1-5 scale and finding a dish that suited your desired spiciness was a hit or miss. Some people's 1-2 were super spicy and other's 4-5 weren't that spicy. (note: 5 is spiciest) Also, we had a huge mess with the bill where they put all the appetizers onto one bill for a table, and none on ours. It was quite a mess trying to figure that out. Also, their timing for food was so bizarre. By the time 1 table had basically finished their dinner then the rest of the meals arrived.  Then again, dealing with 40+ people is a lot.
E3816qsDqj9yCAPEpx5fOg	_CG5zJAoNN6gszjhSyUcww	5	2	So yummy in my tummy. My sister and I went here for dinner and the food was as always-- very yummy. We had the marinated BBQ pork and the seafood hot pot at hot. We finished half the of the plates because they give you a lot. It would be better of the price wasn't as pricey. But overall, awesome service and yummy food! We will be back!!They first serve you lil condiment plates from seaweed to kimchi (spicy marinated cabbage that has been fermentated). When they serve you your food, they will ask if you want egg in the soup-- of course!!! They crack it in front of you in the sizzling hot soup...drools. Serving you some extra rice for the soup and pork. We had to pack to go boxes because it was a lot of food. Today, we went again for Father's Day and our family agreed this was so yummy. We had the BBQ pork again with Dumpling Tofu soup ("Yum-O" Rachael Ray) and Bibimbap with rice! The Bibimbap was okay but everything was excellent. Our family of five finished nearly everything. :D so GOOOOOD! Going to come back soon! Check this place out!
P19m6G0uR48q1l83ajOI1A	Nu0_tUBN6R9Oc-YsLVFNJg	5	0	LOVE the food!!!!
PPXsoCqGb3h0w-ujzD6oEA	ApUCpJ9aa6yVgsde16gYrg	3	0	They have high definition pictures of their menu items proudly displayed on the walls, and I like that.Regarding the Chicken Pad Thai. The chicken and tofu were cooked perfectly, but the noodles were a bit chewy.Spring rolls were great. The pic on the menu shows them served in halves, but they arrived at our table whole.My date had their Thai noodle bowl, and Id suggest skipping on the beef balls.  Also, its very bland if you order with no spice.The owner recommended that we vacation in Thailand.  He also offered to install new granite flooring in out home.  Travel agent, mason, restaurateur.  He does it all.
L6CABV5Fc-a5apw9weE0NQ	bxEd1ust_wI0Br-HLnEy0Q	2	1	Decentfood, but horrible service. Both servers walked by me three times while I was sitting inside without acknowledging me at all. I was by myself and felt as though everyone else that came walking in were immediately welcomed.  I wish I would have received the same attention. I was ready to walk out when i was finally approached. Nobody came back to check on me to make sure everything was ok after they delivered my food. Being from Vegas I am not accustomed to such non attentive service staff. I guess that flys here in Scottsdale, but I expected more from the type of clientele that they have. On a positive note, they do have a cozy place that gives the feel of a French coffee shop/bistro. Hopefully this review will be helpfull in giving them insight into making sure that every guest is treated with the same attentiveness to service.
TrPutW46q_oVN6xScoZM7Q	_w2wIsBh-1M1ZCed2KjLlw	4	0	I have been coming here for the past 4 years; the pizza and food are great.  The service has been very good, some seasonal workers and some regulars.  I bring friends from out of town here for good pizza and wings.  I would recommend it any time.
WowIQci4KEfcKZEeAdydmA	C6gkuLYG_NOobXxaXwUUpA	1	0	this another place that i would give no stars to if possible. it's been on the corner of mill and university for as long as i can remember, which is impressive since nothing older than ten years has been able to withstand the rent increases, and even more impressive because i don't know a single person who goes there.i went in there one time, for drinks and walked past one of the foulest salad bars I've ever seen. for some reason, it's right by the door. instead of walking in to see a hostess stand you walk right into this brown mess of vegetables.after seeing that first off, i wouldn't dream of ordering food here. the place is also dark and dirty and there's never anyone inside of it.seriously, I'm really curious how this place survives. awesome little neighborhood wing and live music joints like long Wong's get torn down for high rise condos, yet gross, ghost town ruby Tuesdays hangs on the corner of main and main of Tempe. what is wrong with the world?
cVDmpkto6Fs-LwCkxKPx3g	Xq9tkiHhyN_aBFswFeGLvA	2	10	I think all the 5 star reviews are from people who work here, of which there must be 500.  Look at the trend all 5s then 2,3 and a few 4s.  I HATE that.First off, it bills itself as a steak/chop house or American Grill- whatever that is.  It is not a Steakhouse, despite have butcher in the name.Lets start with the ambiance:  Don't ever sit in the back room, it is so loud it is like trying to eat in a drum.  Also, what is up with the TV?  If I wanted to watch TV while I ate I would stay at home, or go to a sports bar.Next the service:  It sucked.  There must have been 20 Servers, yet service was slow and inattentive.  I know the place is new, but they did not even have a wine list printed.  When we asked for the wine list, they first said they did not have one.  Sitting in the back room, I could see the freaking bottles.  Then, they sent us the manager, who was clueless.  She then the Bar manager.  Who looked like he used word to type up what he thought he had.  He was knowledgeable about wine at least.   Other than that the servers were slow and did not know the menu well.Drinks:  My Dad ordered a Margarita, it was awful.  We complained to our server who sent over the Bar Manager.  The bar manager made him a second one, which was passable.  For that price it should have been great.  I ordered a draft IPA, they were out.  I got a 22 bottle it was good.  My mom got a 7 and 7, it was fine.   Now the Wine, WAY over priced.  An average markup is about double, it was triple or more here.  I.E. a $12 bottle at the store should be about $20-24 in a restaurant, it is $36+ here.No valueFood:  Meh at best.  The best part of the meal was the Cheese/meat plate.  Me and my Dad had the Ribeye.  The meat was drowned in a sweet sauce with mushrooms and cauliflower, I liked the Sauce, My dad did not.  But the sauce really over powered the steak.My mom had the Pork and Beans, she loved it.  All in all not the worst meal I ever had, but no value here.Dessert:  I would not know, I am allergic to Peanuts and True nuts, not a single desert was nut free.  My Mom had the peanut butter cup - she loved it.  Also, they had no dessert wines, or any after dinner drinks.Value:  $80 a person with food, wine, and drinks. I can think of many other places I could go and get a better meal for that price, or less! For example,  We had dinner at the Tuck shop the night before, the meal was great, and drinks and dinner was $80 Total!
IdFTGG7jVjN-NAJc09hKYg	B6sT5YGBYB9KfhkiZtzQ4A	4	0	We have tried every Chinese delivery in Chander over the past few years and have found them all to be barely edible...and we aren't picky eaters. Honestly, fellow Yelpers, we even didn't like the one's you gave 4 stars. Where's the flavor? We tried Asian Grill delivery tonight - wonderful...delicious! We finally found excellent Chinese food delivery in Chandler!
8P7Z3mVRTNGsje6-g7POqw	fm4X0SV2Kofj-57ZfHiZ_A	5	0	My Fiance and I went here today for the first time. We shared a meat pieand a serving of the largest  Bosnian Sausage dish.      ALL of it was amazing. I cannot speak highly enough of their food. Service was very prompt and the waitress courteous and quick. The food was very reasonably priced and the restaurant itself was very charming and nicely decorated. All over, the ambiance was pleasant. I look forward to returning!
RUe0yOda890ngDaz32MZ8g	c1yGkETheht_1vjda7G5sA	4	9	I read that the guy who owns GoDaddy shot an elephant...at night...using spotlights...I'm thinking his fully tumescent "manhood" must be the size and color of a 7 year old raisin...I can't imagine what he thought he was proving by felling one of these magnificent creatures with high powered/laser sighted rifle from 500 yards away, while it stood transfixed by the spotlights glare.There was a word that we used for poachers that did the same thing while hunting deer, when I was a kid back in Oregon..."Asshole".He did prove to me that I will need to move any and all business I can away from GoDaddy..."vote with your feet"...but I guess that's another review.The Beautiful Carin and I were in Scottsdale on business this past week and we take these opportunities to spend time with those near and dear to us!At the very tippy top of the "near and dear" list is our lovely daughter, Whitney.Whit is a Vegan...with a capital "Vege"...and she was distraught by the wanton slaughter of an African elephant by some dot bomb misogynist.So she was thrilled that her meat lovin' daddy was going to take her to Green for dinner...an experience so very alien to me that I made Carin pick up a pound of fully cooked bacon and bring it to dinner in her purse for me...just in case!I am not a Vegan...I was born and raised on a cattle ranch...I do love a good medium rare rib-eye...I don't think it hurts Elsie the Cow to have a teat twiddled so I can have cream in  my coffee or cheese on my burger...and yet, the elephant deal brought a tear to my daughters eye and touched my black flinty excuse for a heart!I checked Yelp and saw that while my Vegan friends on yelp love this place, my decidedly carnivorous Yelpy friends were also nearly unanimous in their agreement that Green is foodgasm inducing!We ordered way too much food...Chili Fries, Egg Rolls, a Green Burger, the Secret BBQ Chicken Sandwich, No Harm Chicken Parm...I barely had room to choke down a couple of Tsoynami's and an oatmeal cookie sandwich!Even after we were stuffed, Whitney took home enough leftovers for a week!The big question about Green is "why didn't I ever eat here, when I lived here...Why?"I don't know...but I will be putting on my hemp cargo shorts, a tie dye t-shirt and growing a neck beard...and I will be eating here again.I like to "fit in".The menu is fairly extensive...the portions are plenty big...the flavors are bright and well defined and the textures and aroma's (always a big deal for me) are both exotic and welcoming.I didn't have to break out the bacon (although I should have taken my flask...no cocktails at Green for Donald...oh well, agave sugar cola was a delightful departure from the ordinary).I really could eat this way on a regular basis...it's that good...I probably won't, but it's nice to know I could!I imagine that Karma will have it's own way of dealing with a self-justifying, trigger happy technotard...for me, the occasional dinner at Green nicely balances the Karmic forces at work in my life...and tastes good, too!
FgmtoIJjj3PQTD-X6ru5Kw	TisnIBR2lMvT1DMC95_eHg	4	1	Kind of cold, otherwise your typical Paradise Bakery. Delicious chicken Caesar salads.
6uAN_mdFFpKHyCyUxvvC0Q	sa-CgzlC0m5xrspvBbz6xA	5	0	I freakin love this place. My favorite thing is to sit and eat facing the counter and watch new people come in and get all confused. Now that's just funny. My first time I was the same way, like what the hell do I do here. Now I'm a pro. Stack it deep and use another bowl for smashing, Soba noodles piled so high it looks like a circus act getting the bowl to the cook. Mmmm....good.
oqcdLgCFXYhdd70qfl7XeQ	wTiQXYB9fE9rcSZDsZgbtQ	3	0	So, yea. Kelly's review has me more than a little concerned.  Thinking we won't go back for awhile. Most likely quite awhile.  I'd rather be sure they have that crap taken care of.  Literally.But here's why we'll still end up going back.  It's all about 3 things.  It's conveniently located.  It makes you feel like you're eating healthy (Note - doesn't really encourage healthy eating, more just a healthy attitude.  Keeps the brownies, chocolate pudding, pizza and mayo based salads in large supply) And then finally - Coupons.  They have coupons ALL the time.  ALL the time.  Special note - if you aren't that hungry - don't go here.  Go somewhere else where you can split your meal or take 1/2 home.  Here that 1/2 a plate of salad greens is going to cost you just as much as the guy on his 4th plate.
8vjB_5z6F0xnkiWNy_PiRw	rZbHg4ACfN3iShdsT47WKQ	5	0	Until Bobby Q's entered my life i wasnt a fan of BBQ anything! made me kinda sad to see so many people enjoying some messy ribs but anyways I i digress...This place has changed my life for the better!. Their St. Louis ribs are fall off the bone AMAZING! and their Mac n Cheese is a must have! I have to admit this place has made me a bit of a ribs snob, if something doesnt come close to Bobby Q's i automatically right that place off.A short review but you get the gist of it...
wAL9qe2PCJORCcAoCL7Gvw	eTbtfgUtfewdncgVf2CbWw	5	5	WOW this place is good!  SO good!  And not just yummy good, but intrinsically good.  Check out their amazing list of environmentally responsible business practices - http://essencebakery.com/essence_bakery_environmentally_friendly.shtml !  That, and it's cute.  And it tastes Yummy!  And they are SO nice!  SOOO nice!  And their deserts are just disgustingly cute and beautiful and freaking good.  I almost bought the mini box of 4 cupcakes for just $3.50.  Bite sized so not too bad, but if I bought them today they'd be gone before I got home. I got their grilled cheese w/ mozzarella, basil and tomato on grilled buttery brioche bread with a light and tasty green salad on the side.  It will be hard to not come here every week.  I love that all the drinks are refillable - and it's up to you to refill them.  Coffee, tea or soda, just walk on up and fill your glass.  And I love that it's all so fresh and local!  Important note - You order at the counter, they give you a number and bring out your food.  If you're paying w/ debit card, they will ask you if you want to include a tip.  That threw me.  I'd been in the place less than 2 minutes - how do I know if it's worth the tip - or how much of a tip it's worth??  Bring some cash or plan to deal w/ that question accordingly.
PBI_r3y_s2McZRLLhyPfWA	lktu5JPDlQUG-7cV7gOzDQ	5	0	What a cool little place tucked away behind a strip mall.  Would never have found this if it was not suggested by a good friend who raved about the cappuccino!  He is world traveler, so, it's a  must try if it's the best cup he's ever had.  He was right!  Don't know if it's in the beans or the care that they take to make it with a fab froth decoration on top.  My hubby and I loved the caramel brulee taste..  My son loved the hot "warm" cocoa.  Yeah, we walked in as a family last night and almost everyone turned our way since we did not fit the hip college crowd.  Everyone was really friendly, though. The sweet young man behind the counter gave my son some micro cinnamon doughnuts and scored major points with the little dude!   We will be back.
Mh4xsviaTXgcXXoFyhaPCQ	rrWhi2TL0smrbihvavZxcg	4	2	This place is great!   I've eaten here twice now and both times the food has been wonderful.  I've driven by this place for years and it always looked closed to me.   The windows are very dark.   My husband's barber told him his customers (the barber's) drive all the way from Scottsdale to eat here.    We decided to try it out after hearing this and reading good reviews about it on Yelp.   The first time we went for dinner.  I had the Osso Bucco and my husband had Seafood Paella.   Both were great.  I've had  Osso Bucco in high end restaurants that couldn't compare to this.   The second time we ate here for lunch.   Husband had the Philly Cheesesteak with Peppers, Onions, and Mushrooms.  I had the spaghetti and meatballs.   I had some of his sandwich and we both agreed it was the best Cheesteak we've ever had.  The sandwiches are loaded with fillings and are not salty.   Spaghetti and Meatballs were good but I like Babbo's and Humble Pie's better.    I would have given it five stars but the atmosphere is not the best.   Our first waiter even told us they do have the reputation for being a hole in the wall.   The service is very casual with no sense of urgency.  On our second visit for lunch our waitress told us she had been there over five years and they have quite a few regulars.    Both times we have visited the restaurant was almost full.    Try this place out even though it is a "hole in the wall."
3UvVKx-DAJNFPbWb1F4Whg	LYyGQgL60VKdV-p_9OxmWQ	4	0	I have been here a few times, but mainly at dinner.  Dinner Has always been great, great waiters and staff, with a LCD TV playing almost famous famous bolywood movies.  LOL  It cracks me up when they dance.....LOL...anyhow, Great vegetarian choices for people who eat there veggies, but trust me, I am a MEAT eater,  Chicekn Tika masala, Little dry but still good.  My favorite is there Palak Paneer. Great for the vegetarian.  I have also tried there lunch Buffet for 11.00.  I give a Thumbs up..  Good, serve yourself, and pig out!!!!!!
S3bWrlDaBAZqx2LJPW924A	GpK9MeUjEd7rwhejG2ykww	4	0	I have friends that I meet there once a month for a delicious greasy spoon breakfast and these guys never disappoint.  I am a breakfast maven so love their hash browns most of all.  If I'm feeling a little decadent, I order a side of gravy with them.  It's really nice to sit outside during the cooler months and have some fries and a shake too!
L0d5zPb019LfKStL2d4hzw	FyyNwrfVbCG3BsYEM5csQA	5	2	I lived off Salazar Bros my first year of college because I lived right near it.  Must have eaten there twice a week minimum.  I was heartbroken when it turned into Armando Bros because as much as people told me they just changed their name, they didn't.  It was a different restaurant.  I had written it off as another great place gone to the pages of history until I moved near 48th and Baseline, and 'lo and behold there was Salazar's, tucked away in the Fry's parking lot next to a Little Caesars and a clothing outlet that appears to have escaped from the mall.  The interior itself is cheaply thrown together and completely forgettable.  The only thing the employees seem to care about is making food.  And none of this bothers me because they make some damn amazing food for cheap prices.I recommend the adobada burrito with extra sour cream and 2 things of red sauce.  It's pork brushed with a delicious sauce of some sort.  Comes with pico and guacamole.  I sometimes have to convince myself to try something new off the menu.  Brownie points for carrying Pepsi products as well, I take Mountain Dew with my burritos.
a_wQKZwhbCd0uBuV5o2BXg	SS073W0tN3nvG36Qy6n0qg	4	1	One of my regular buffet stops. great service and average food.
AUQLbK9vP-FyWveaFh7B4A	5o5MLNPmAeakGgdqeGyMvw	5	0	Tried them out for Restaurant Week.  The food and service was excellent.  I will certainly be back and loved the atmosphere. We sat at a booth and very comfortably sat 3 adults.  The wait staff was non stop on refilling drinks, bringing more bread, making sure the food was cooked to order.
XS5Lvk8WFNmS0bCqdl-agw	9Y3aQAVITkEJYe5vLZr13w	1	0	My family and I ate here just a few days ago. It was an experience that left me yearning for more out of a restaurant I have seen so crowded over the years and decided to try with a group of 7 of us in the family. First off we got there at 10 am and were missing only two in our party so we had to wait to be seated which was fine. Once the rest of our party showed up at 10:07 we were not seated until after 10:30. When we were seated we were all scrunched together at a medium sized table that would comfortable seat 5 adults. Well, there were 7 of us total and needless to say it was very tight! The waitress stated that we could take our water and go wait back up front for a bigger table but we were looking at roughly 40 minutes of waiting again!!! Seriously? We ordered drinks first and the waitress brought my father his tomato juice and almost spilled it on him but instead spilled it all over her hand. Then she sat the glass down in front of him with juice on table and all over glass and left! She never came back with a wet towel to clean up her mess!! We all ordered and the food arrived quickly. This was the only part of the experience that was good, sadly to say. We received our food order for 7 of us within 15-20 minutes which was excellent. My uncle and grandmother both had charred toast (it was black, not just black around the edges) . The bacon looked like dried strips of hard leather. Overall, none of us will be returning to this place! It was is so overrated. We are headed back to RANDY'S here in Scottsdale to do our next family breakfast.
CZeb1ZY4vRZFHH-ghe8-hg	55seKyxRWUmHC1s52xk45g	4	0	Kinda of a rough and tumble crowd at times with the OTB booth in the back corner of the bar. Place is usually crowded after work with the blue collar drinking types and unless your a regular you will probably get ignored like I did on a previous visit. In this case, finally tried the food and it was surprisingly good. The waitress said that the buffalo wrap was good, so I went with grilled chicken tossed in mild wing sauce and that went into my wrap with the usual cheese, lettuce, some blue cheese and maybe a touch of bacon? THe wrap was huge and the chicken and blue cheese melded perfectly together. On the side dish selection wheel, I went with sweet potato fries - this was a decent version of that variety, but the raspberry sauce? served as a dipping option was a fail. Great service on a saturday afternoon and reasonable prices ($8.99) for a filling lunch.
7kB6kuvSXiPTcuT_RqmnvQ	VY_tvNUCCXGXQeSvJl757Q	5	0	I really like this place alot. their pizza's are really different but really good! I wish i could say i had a favorite but ive liked every pizza ive gotten except the portabello mushrooms cause i dont like mushrooms but other than that they have an amazing beer selection! Major thumbs up!!
PQJk0XP4KzKj-_Hhq4mfew	P5uC-zfGG6yqoQDUyqyAvg	4	1	I love the food!! Love for the environment.. eh.. not so much.Mom and I missed our reservation at Cowboy Ciao's on a Friday night and a worker recommended us to visit the sister restaurant "Kazimierz." Ok, we'll go as long as they have the famous Stetson Chopped salad. My mom loved the salad when she went to Cowboy Ciao.So we enter the restaurant and the place is so dark. How the heck are you suppose to find a table and read the menu?? We had no idea how the seating worked, so we asked a worker. We were seating within a couple of minutes. Mann.. we had to hold up the candle to read the menu. The environment is nice if you are just spending time with your friends and chatting. But to eat and see your food?? The darkness is not good for that.Anyway, we had the Stetson Chopped salad ($12). It was sooo good with the smoked salmon, dehydrated corn, pepita mixture, and the greens. Yummy!The Burgundian Flatbread ($13) was also delicious! I liked the crispy crust and the chunks of brie!! Wow!! The morels and the shallots gave the flatbread some sweetness.Since I liked the food, I'll give this place 4 stars. However, I wish I could see what I was eating. Thank goodness I took a picture of what I was ingesting. The service and atmosphere is more like 3 stars.
zXODym69r8pyX7KOlOoXPQ	V1nEpIRmEa1768oj_tuxeQ	5	0	Alright, went back last night, felt bad because we were the late nighters, and everything was perfect.  The pizza, the salads and the wine were all so well done.  And what finally brought me to five stars was the crepe with Nuteila and Mascarpone.  OMG amazing.  I'm currently craving it the day after.  Totally beats out the crepe with nutella and banana that I also love...
wfuMClw9Pqv618WdIIO_Ng	3l72FflaaeI0tWEAWN3-gQ	2	4	What the crap folks? So much "blah blah blah" "this place is so great" spewing from Yelpers and the media that I felt like I was missing out.  I finally went to this damn place and I guess I am missing the point because this was a joke.Their menu has all of about 5 things on it.  Most of them seem reasonably priced until you see their size.  I ordered the Vampiro because it sounded good, had guac, carne asada, and was portrayed as a quesadilla type meal.  Ya, this thing was like the size of a Kennedy half dollar - and half as filling!  What the hell? $4 for this?  I can't even taste the guac!!If I want cheap good mexican food, I guess I'll stick with 'Bertos because this place is a disaster.  At least at 'Bertos I can get more than 5 items and the burritos are Soviet-car-sized.
IpQ8TU73HFFKpQib62zdBQ	1dC3GSC5bgQf9wEp-bv8PQ	4	0	Fabulous place.  The food is good and the selection of organic and specialty items is nice.  Love the butcher shop and Jerry the Cellarmaster is abslutely fantastic.  Seriously, if you want a bottle of wine - he is the best resource.  And if you go back frequently he tailors his suggestions to what you like.  My favorite thing about this store is that the staff tries so hard to treat you like a valuable customer.  They remember your name, ask after your kids and honestly act like they like you.  It feels like a small town grocery store and I love that.   Breakfast is fantastic and the coffee is great.  Everyone at the coffee counter is terrific.  This was a really great addition to the neighborhood.
0HsyKC9qSC07FPpQ2xOOsA	V1nEpIRmEa1768oj_tuxeQ	4	1	Cibo!   Eating outside is a major part of the experience even on a hot summer night in Phoenix!  Worth the dampness from head to toe.  The BONUS is sitting under the African tree with the lights and grapes with the FULL moon shining on us  ~Our red haired waiter sporting 1950's style glasses was fun, fun, fun and pleasingly attentive.   We had white wine;  superb choice thanks to the 4 different wine tastes I received while choosing it.  The strawberry/walnut salad was a bit dry, yet the feta was marvelous!  Great soft texture to melt in your mouth.  The pizza was the sausage and it was wood fired, nice and perfect.  Just enough food for the 3 of us ~So much food, just the right amount for our bellies.  For the 3 of us, the bill was only $43.00.  Not too bad on a Saturday night to go in 1/3's.~ Luana Joya Lucia
fpKQ1DiOwNi__vzKv5FvAw	6YWp7frmHKuPLYSlPyUdsw	1	1	Would have to agree with Rana A below... I think she said it bestActually, I had several folks tell me this place was lousy before I went... it even fell below my already low expectations...Given that I just left the real Barcelona (in Spain)- part of me was truly crying inside that night. OK, I gotta admit- everytime I tell someone I was just in Barcelona (the city) and they say "you mean the one in Scottsdale" there is a part of me that wants to just pack my bags and fly back...
Y4rFTE6JoCgnPa14ROTo4A	OjNTZTZ6HYQghJN-3jmwnA	1	9	when i worked in retail my paycheck was spent before i got paid. therefore, i relied heavily on coupons and splitting meals w all of my other poor college friends.well, i hit the jackpot. $15 coupon for a FEAST. the picture on the coupon showed everything we would get: a huge steak, shrimp, and lobster PLUS 2 sides. there were 3 of us- this was PLENTY. it was prom night too so we were initally fooled with how popular it was. popular for prom girls with light up clear shoes (not even lying), if that says anything about the crowd for you...our waitress stops by our booth and just stares at us. one of my friend kinda looks around at me and our other friend, then back at the waitress. 'ill have a diet coke?'then our waitress writes it down and doesn't say anything but looks at my other friend.i lost it and started laughing. why isn't she talking to us? this is so weird. we ended up asking for a different waitress, then found out the coupon was a big fat liar. you didn't get all of that. it just says you do but you don't. the food ended up being nasty. probably one of the worst meals ive ever had. as we're leaving susy talks a lot waitress trips over my friend and it was all too awkward bc i couldn't control laughing. awful food, awful service, AND the bathrooms were some of the grossest i had ever been in. if wal-mart ran a restaurant, this would be it.
YquYQb3MtCNXt6SEtiFstQ	FqzgT9Y-Yu7jiWdHnGW-kQ	4	2	The Vig is a great place to meet up for a drink. I haven't found too many other places that serve Hoegaarden (my favorite beer). The atmosphere is one of the best I've seen in Phoenix, and the food is pretty good as well. I'd recommend the "Big Azz Burger" or the "Hot Vings"!
IXh7sAr5xSqiuf1xhCPmWQ	SGwnJIFKGQcYzE2c3ebs8A	5	4	Nooooooooo!  Curse the the gods of all that is delicious, for Huauchinango is now CLOSED.  Replaced by some generic grill that offered us some nachos and quesadillas, thanks for that.  So not only did you replace a great eatery, but you also had to throw in a little bit of extra salt in the wound.  So, I don't think I'll be giving my business to the devil grill anytime soon.  Huauchinango, you shall now only be a distant whiff of habanero al pastor memory. You shall be missed.
VsTJH9GEn_0NW7wFDlLWcA	IBNHRj-NLfA-FlKnWxZDQg	4	0	Jimmy Johns has got to be my guilty pleasure. Love the Beach Club and the salt and vinegar chips. This location is fairly new and it does the JJ chain well. Although they do keep the music louder than I'd like. Great place, great sandwiches.
sTpGOOb9MBaiWov8LP_Rsw	GoWTsb8sGyJ026a3cbw03Q	4	0	Always here for their California burritos... The burritos are huge and can be easily shared by two people.  Their jalapeno and carrots are somethin I havent seen at other similar places, id recommend it if you,re lookin for some heat! The drive thru service is fast and friendly.  I have seen they did remodel the inside seating and does not look as,roughed up as before... There is a drawback when using your card to pay- 50¢ addtl charge, which shud b done away with.
b4A-bc2Eo5CCymeiyutfkg	5ambRqdTJt9vGwFzVI9HBw	5	1	Hands down my favorite coffee shop in town. They used to be located inside the Conspire art collective but have now moved into the old Hood Rides digs up the block and it's awesome.Plenty of seating room at the bar and also a really cool little room next door  where you can pull up a seat and hang out. From what I understand there will be seating outside too.Most importantly however is the coffee. They use a special mix roasted specially by Cartel. I'll be the first to admit I'm no coffee connoisseur but I do know this, every drink I've had, no matter who's behind the bar has been perfect. Not burnt, not too sweet, and not a hint of pretentiousness.Sooooo, why go to S-word Bucks when you can get a better cup of coffee up the street. Oh and for those of us who burn the midnight oil on more than a few occasions, they're open until 12am EVERY night.
sl2r-tZMBsHjmTIV1NRltw	K4Oo7A5Kp5eSgBV7MgOu8Q	4	0	My buddy and I (along with our dogs) stop by here every morning on the way to dog park. Hot coffee and hot women making the coffee! Love this place!
gXebSdATb35QRiCjB9VXJA	WS1z1OAR0tRl4FsjdTGUFQ	5	1	This past weekend I went to The Vig Uptown twice because it was that  good. This is a perfect place to hangout with friends and get a bite to eat with a really great drink menu. What I love most about this place is that it is very modern and the people are pretty chill. The cherry on top is the games they have to offer, Bocce and Bags!Drinks1. Moscow Mule is a perfect nice refreshing drink to order, made with Vodka/Ginger beer and fresh lime juice. 2. If you bring in your own "pimp cup" any size, They will fill it up with the mixed drink called Pimms Cup.Food1. VigAzz burger is my favorite food item to order because the pretzel bread is amazing.2. Thai spicy Vings here are probably one of my favorite wings that i've ever had so I highly recommend getting them.
3lDBMS0-Lq7ZBtGQ4txZ2Q	2R_VekjT6HSZpGL9KYzcuw	5	0	I'm not a fan of ice cream, I just don't find it appealing and it's too high in calories/saturated fat. However I do love frozen yogurt, and ironically it's much less fattening, yet more satisfying. At 25 calories an ounce, Golden Spoon's is the best around. There have a large array of flavors to choose from and they rotate flavors each month, they also have seasonal flavors such as pumpkin pie and egg nog. You also can get more than one flavor combined. They also have a wide variety of toppings to choose from, from gummy bears to low-fat brownies.Even though their yogurt is non-fat and low calorie, adding toppings can quickly add a lot more calories, I suggest going with chocolate or rainbow sprinkles (adds less than 50 calories), or if you like fruit, go with that.
Z4NoiD7HK5QQs9e6E0lrqg	ObYf1kZVWfL8NocxUwGJKg	5	1	Phenom. The food is always fresh and well seasoned. A good selection of Tequila. Every meal that I've had has been just fantastic. The carnitas and the fish taco's are very well prepared. It's fresh, the beans are fresh as is the rice. It averages about $10 a plate but worth it. This is how really good Mexican should be. The salsa bar is excellent: you have about 5 different types of salsa from which to choose. All freshly made. I can't say enough about the flavoring of the meats and fish. Decor is a somewhat minimalist/modern, probably to attract a happy hour crowd. They have TV's for your viewing pleasure. Service is friendly and quick. I've only been to the Chandler location but will start going to the one in Scottsdale. Good food. You won't be disappointed.
0bQUqKGw0uGobtP7S-EkAw	-4A5xmN21zi_TXnUESauUQ	4	2	Came here and did drive-though to pick up a turkey sandwich and the "man" salad.   The salad was really good!!!!  On a hot summer day, the salad is a perfect choice for lunch!!!
S5wVFzi3VreZMzi_EluILg	QKGZajo_Xm6AW3lHkU9Mmg	5	0	Bring a flashlight. It is so dark inside you can not read the menu. But the waiter was so well versed we just used his recommendations. We all had filets cooked to perfection and served on a 400 degree hot plate. They recommend the lobster mashed potatoes but did not feel they were worth the price tag.The wine list is extensive and expensive.  If you are looking for fancy this is the place but we went after a round of golf and they were very accommodating . Great special occasion dinner but not your everyday steak joint .
swhMVGUffHcfl3YgSgKszQ	mSbFLlDB5Qu-6al1e2DSBw	5	1	These are the best, most consistent donuts in the valley.  I was always a fan of the Chandler location, so I tried this location as soon as it opened.  I was pleased that the donuts were as fresh and as varied as the other location.I don't care if people go to dunkin for the coffee..a donut shop is about the donuts, and I haven't yet had any donuts in the valley in the same league as BoSa.
dGzFMtE5JQ3YkUHS6UU0uA	k8JnZBspVOI8kLcQek-Chw	5	2	I moved from Philly this past summer and I've searched all over the Valley for a "GOOD" Pizza. After eating lots of tasteless and cardboard pizza, I found Momma Mia when I moved into Arcadia! I love the hole in the wall vibe! Just like home :) The sauce is great and super tasty! The dough tastes slightly sweet and is fluffy..It's what makes the pizza so great and there is a brickoven!! I love it! My husband and I order the pizza/wing special .The wings are so hot and spicy ( we order the hot, but it comes in buffalo and mild) They have an extensive menu of pasta, sandwiches and salads. I want to try their Philly Steak next, but for the time being I still make mine at home. Every pizza place likes to say its "New York Style", but this place really does a NYC pizza. Well the best nyc pizza you're gonna get in AZ, Something about the water.
bWhz0gwcvVOafbc47BXAXA	7kAXbY8hjHhC-nZKR2Embg	4	1	I really enjoy this course but I am saving the 5 out of 5s for the Troons, Grayhawks and WeKoPas of the world.  Nonetheless, this is a great, very challenging course and you don't have to drive waaaay up north or east of Scottsdale to get there, which is always a great plus.  I remember Golf Digest did a list of Top 25 College Courses and this didn't make it, which I thought was nuts.  My only complaint is that the course isn't really as luxurious as the peak season rate would indicate.  Also, as the other guys who reviewed this mentioned, there is some fantastic ASU swag available in the shop if you are a fan, they probably have every variety you could ever imagine.  Haven't eaten there but Ted's Hot Dogs is close enough that you'd be crazy not to go there after your round.
yQKRFqQZrR7l4ti6YiGHOw	GRFunGSUZxXqNCZJrN8Oow	2	1	Coworker and I met for lunch this afternoon.  Restaurant was understandably busy and there was a delay in the delivery of our food.When my pear omelet with potatoes arrived, it brought mixed reactions. The omelet itself was served hot, and loaded with bacon and cheese.  The potatoes served alongside were STILL FROZEN in the middle.   We were unable to catch the attention of the hectic servers to get this corrected. When I brought my plate to the bartender, he poked the potatoes with his fingers, and then asked me if it would be OK if he kept the same omelet, but "throw some fresh potatoes" on the plate.  The server said that, if the kitchen had to remake the omelet, there could be a long delay. I could only respond with a shrug. He left and went to the kitchen with my plate. Several other people touched and poked the plate and potatoes before replacing them.  He then brought the plate back to me at the bar, and not my table. End result - good omelet, mediocre potatoes, below-poor service and follow-up.
llMrv3u6jOOz2E9T7214mA	1NZLxU5WvB5roPFzneAlLw	2	9	I've been to Barrio twice now.  Simply put, I do not believe that it is worth the prices that they charge. The first time I went there was with the pseudo boyfriend and he adored his meal, and so I embraced it and loved it.  The second time was last night for Dottsy's birthday dinner.  Dottsy and I ordered up the guacamole that everyone raves about.  We were unimpressed, as we had huge chunks of avocado in there and have both made our own guacamole and didn't see what the big fuss was about.  I've had the enchiladas suizas and enchiladas de hongas and although they weren't bad- they were not amazing.  Not worth the 16 bucks, at all.  Don't get me wrong, I wouldn't complain about the cost if it tasted like it was worth it, but not so much.Because it was Dottsy's birthday, they brought her a complimentary flan which we both agreed was pretty tasty flan.  So, if you are a flan person, this may be a place to check out.  I am not a flan person- too jiggly (which makes me think of what fat looks like on a person's body which stops me from eating it).The two things that make this place worth going for are the margaritas and the service.  The margaritas are 50% tequila and fabulous- I usually just stick to the house margarita and am satisfied.  The people that work at Barrio are friendly and cool.  I imagine that they all enjoy working there.I don't really ever need to go back to Barrio, unless I'm craving a serious margarita served up by a cute hipster.  I'd go for a drink or two and then go elsewhere for dinner.
1n6AhAJ6n92x_vesTaWZyA	AkOruz5CrCxUmXe1p_WoRg	4	1	Now THIS is ramen! I even ordered it for take out and could tell with my first slurp that it was everything I'd been looking for. Complex broth, yummy noodles, all the right toppings...the only thing I would have changed is the pork, which was tough and chewy and not melt-in-your mouth delicious. I'd definitely try again while dining in to see if the quality I'd the pork improved. The rest of the ramen was so tasty it didn't matter! Also, for take out the service was super quick and friendly. The prices are great, too! I got the ramen lunch special which came with a California roll that was incredibly tasty and fresh, and it came out to under ten bucks for a lot of food!
Aele-C1tzSUc-1qsUvzHMw	tpIU_ZvIfCfCp36IgghlHQ	3	12	Lets just set the record straight here. Zoe's serves Mediterranean just like Qdoba serves Mexican.When I say just like the Q, I mean the entire experience. Walking into the shop gives more of a cookie cutter national chain feel; which is probably because they are in fact a chain of restaurants. Zoe's food was average and unimpressive. I did like the hummus though. Their prices similar to independent and family operated Mediterranean around the valley; in some cases more. I would prefer to visit Cypress Grill, just up the street from this location, they're my favorite Medi in CenPho so far. The staff here was friendly, they took our order promptly and served the food within a few minutes. Don't get me wrong, the food was in no way "bad", per se. I just can't shake the feeling of "I've had better" when thinking about my experience.If you're looking to fill your belly with food just because it's time to eat, this might just be the place for you. If you're interested in a great Mediterranean meal, I implore you to please try something new. I likely won't be returning, we do live in the city of a million restaurants, go out and choose one! (but don't take me at my word on that just made up fact).Happy Yelping Phoenix, now where's my hummus?
DtgJ5aFeUSk7bNGY408WPA	VVeogjZya58oiTxK7qUjAQ	4	6	Great Pizza! Great food! Great service! Still, this place isn't perfect....BE PREPARED TO WAIT! Alright, most people seem to know this going in (we did too). However, when you arrive at 7:00pm, and they say you won't be seated until 11:30pm, that doesn't mean you can put your name in and show up at 11...which we almost found out the hard way: **At 10:00pm they will do one last head count. If you're not in the vicinity, soooorrrrry!** Luckily we were calling in every hour for updates (which they recommend, btw). At 9:40pm we called and got the news that we better be there for the last head count (information we probably could have used earlier), and had to hurry on back from our meanderings downtown. At 10:00pm we were deemed worthy to stay on the list and wait another 45 minutes or so.Service: the hostess knows she holds all the cards--sort of like the lady at the cash register for the Soup Nazi. However, a smile was all it took to get one back from her for me. Still, I can see how others might misconstrue her attitude as something less than cordial. Our server was great though! Very helpful and fun. He was as excited to serve us as we were to eat there. Good stuff!The pizza is indeed great! But after waiting 4 hours, I was expecting the heavens to part and birds to sing and the ground to shake. Nope. Just made-from-scratch, meticulously-thought-out, high-quality pizza. A light and airy, smoky crust, a decent sauce and fresh mozzarella formed the basis of the Sonny Boy and Wise Guy pizzas that we tried. The quality and tastiness of the toppings were also apparent. We were impressed. This was absolutely great pizza--one of the best we've ever had. ...I just don't know if I'll hurry back to Pizzeria Bianco to wait that long again.
oIPCrYI-fRmOFaDcJGMoLg	BINYfrtGp3A4w0d5E7kbYw	5	0	Very delicious and friendly! They do happy hour every day which is so great! The sushi is always very delicious and the same with their entrees. I love how close this is to my house. We visit this place quite frequently!
T8u9ntOrAh-4kGZoK5IpkQ	ZtT1O60hjWaiGS8itVDQyg	5	4	I've been hearing about these cheesecakes from my husband and his incessant twitter following and I was really excited to try some of the goods at the market this past Saturday.We finally woke up early enough on a Saturday morning to hit up Matt's and then peruse the market before it got too hot.  We made our way over to the cheesecake table and then debated between 10 or so flavors.  He had key lime and chocolate chip out to sample and I decided to try the key lime.  I was amazed at how natural it tasted.  There was nothing artificial about it, it just tasted exactly like it should.  These are very good, very simple cheesecakes.  I ultimately went with the peanut butter chocolate chip which is extremely tasty.  There are a bunch of different sizes to choose from, all at very fair prices.  YUMMY!
3NkpiDnSEX2-RN1vNw9sdQ	_-9pMxBWtG_x8l4rHWBasg	4	0	Had the signature Black Chile entree.  It was fabulous!
A2lCUSvDJfIa5kwUoFFk8A	zmFc8M-hS4uuyY0hklIpoQ	4	3	A definite favorite in the neighborhood.The happy hour menu is always interesting and good. In several visits I've never had anything that wasn't delicious, and the beers on special are uniformly impressive.
6Gb_wp8N0TFXcYDkuRyWOQ	6oRAC4uyJCsJl1X0WZpVSA	5	0	The best gyro you will have in Arizona...or maybe anywhere.Love the grocery selection.Everyone there is really nice.And you can buy a BUCKET of dates for like $6.
KWfhJo0PHpmIG9zE2Q05GA	-hQ8iZygzi0iiTFUkHgiEA	1	0	Have the owners from here ever even had a bagel from back east? Certainly doesn't taste like it, and they charge double what they do back east too. No thanks. The search for a good bagel continues, for now I'll just keep having them shipped straight from NJ.
t2QTyQKMagNguZBBlou2GQ	KoIRdcIfh3XWxiCeV1BDmA	4	1	Great white sangria and margaritas!!!  We went for dinner, but ended up ordering appetizers and a pitcher of white sangria. All I can say is the service was great but the drinks are amazing!!!  The tortilla chips  were fresh and homemade.  The ceviche was so tasteful!
EuHMyw814oxWS_NExJmp4Q	-AAig9FG0s8gYE4f8GfowQ	5	2	Maestro Chris Bianco whips up addictive sandwiches at his laboratory on Central Avenue. Ingredients are local and super-fantastic. Check out what today's market sandwich is -- if it's oven-roasted pork, buy it immediately. Don't miss the rice pudding.
YAXPKM-Hck6-mjF74Zy9tA	V9i9LnTg9H2XvzqCVBSOXg	4	23	Tandoori TimesVolume 1, Issue 1, Number 1.  Limited run.  Copyright 2009, Mejimbo Enterprises.  All Rights Reserved.  Dateline 7 May 2009Scottsdale, Arizona    Yelpers Jim W and Audrey W were reportedly seen enjoying lively conversation and delicious Indian food with Donald S and Carin S.  Witnesses claim the group was laughing loudly at times.  One bystander reported, "That was a guffaw.  That outburst right there was definitely a guffaw.  Wild stuff."    Sources have related to this publication that the group dined on two appetizers, one known as a bread basket which consisted of four types of naan bread.  Jim W was overheard to say, "I really like the onion naan."  The other appetizer may have been Aloo Tikki.  This has not been confirmed as yet.  In any case the plate containing the reported Aloo Tikki was cleaned by the foursome, several even going so far as to swab at the remaining sauce on the plate.    The above sources also reported that the table was served an order of the Friday daily special of Kahari Shrimp.  It was overheard by a nearby table that the shrimp was "...flavorful with strong notes of garlic and ginger."  This has not substantiated, however.    Audrey W reportedly was served the Lamb Korma which she was rumored to have noted was "Yummy."    Carin S apparently was served the Chicken Masala and Donald S may have been served some sort of Vindaloo that included potato.  It seems there was considerable sharing of the dishes around the table and the main dishes may have been spooned over what some experts have suggested was a basmati rice with various herbs and spices.    An unnamed source has informed this publication that while Jim W claims to have particularly enjoyed the food and festive atmosphere which included a belly dancer and some swordplay, he was displeased with the excessive sound level produced by the in-house sound system and even requested that the music be reduced.    Jim W's blog had a statement this morning that read, in part; "...ears haven't hurt the next morning like that since my last rock concert.  I really liked the food but I wouldn't go back on a night when they have dancing again."
ZPdAsJQOE50mgxgziI4gkw	fP-BPL6iRu2tbcvlnjRshw	4	1	Good drinks, great food, and cool music. There is a stage right behind the bar. We tried the Fingerling Potatoes in Tomato Jam and it was fantastic.. I recommend.
wBGJfwLCFIIli9X5LRoHpA	o4DsvwwD2kIbF-EM4r9G8A	4	7	After SMOCA opening night, I just wanted to relax with some friends and not go get wasted or have to wait a long time to get a seat at a trendy bar on a Friday night. Oh yeah, and get something to eat. I had remembered some generally good reviews of Drift, had noticed it when going to shows at Martini Ranch, and really wanted something with coconut (?).After a terrifying short-cut with a walking GPS that I was sure was leading us to our death (or at least led us to dog-shit on the sidewalk at one point), we ended up here with a nice enough door guy. Inside I was really impressed. It was a lot nicer than I thought it would be, more sophisticated and while it was Tiki-themed, I thought it was very tongue in cheek COOL interpretation of tiki (very hard to pull off). We asked for a booth and got one near the door (which lead to superior people watching later). Our booth was creamy, spacious, left us with no ass swamp, (although the acoustics were a little bad-I had trouble hearing someone two people away) and showed us more intimate tables in very Ikea-esqe and mod black leather. This place is surprisingly classy. The giant aquarium at the bar was goregous and if I ended up here with one other person, I would def. sit there.Our waitstaff was extremely sweet, the food (veggie spring rolls, coconut shrimp, and pot stickers) were not that expensive (5-8) and surprisingly good. Kristin and I got two orders of spring rolls. We took the longest time deciding drinks-I got the old fashioned Pina Colada in a coconut shell (YUM) and Erica got the Evil Bastard which was set on fire and it was damn potent. I was very giggly the rest of the night. Looking around, this WAS not a pick up scence. Groups of friends just sat around chatting. On the way to the bathrooms, a small open lounge was dominated by one party having a lot of fun. The bathroom sink blew my mind and I still don't know what sets it off...although my theory is some dude needs to flush the toilet for water to come down and vice versa. I started freaking out in my drunky state, saying "I have soapy hands goddamit! And I'm smart! How does this shit turn on!" wiping my hands on the sink with tiny amounts of water.Overall, a very chill scene with a bizarre assortment of people (bro dogs, homely couples, musicians, barbies, and just regular folks) perfect for a second or third date for a casually romantic drink or two.
IP-mkqqLSLJp9IVd7VaHSA	yypKLRJxSjR2uNaTS_O6pw	3	0	Been here several times for lunch and had the pizza. Today my friend & I decided to try the sandwiches. Very disappointing! I had the Roast Beef & my friend had the Turkey. Both were lackluster and smothered with slimy roasted red peppers. If you go to Humble Pie, go for the pizza (and the Happy Hour!)
6BVDp3xFEJr7vgHyWyFr6g	F-ZOeAK1v7e5Rt2Mv5rVMw	5	15	Okay I have found my new favorite "home office!"  I don't have an office for my agency yet so coffee shops tend to be where I get most of my work done.Last week I checked out Echo Coffee for a client meeting and we both really liked it.  Today I returned and spent a few hours working at Echo Coffee on their wi-fi. It was such a nice break from my usual home office at Starbucks.  Walking into Echo Coffee you can instantly tell its a different type of coffee experience.  The environment is very relaxing, music is not blasting so customers don't have to scream over each other, and they have great big couches in the back.  Of course atmosphere and great coffee needs to be in balance and it definitely was at Echo.The coffee is really good and love very fair price for the quality you get (my 2 favs are Cappuccino at $2.75 and $3.75 for large Chai Latte).  My chai latte came in a big ceramic mug.  I don't know about you but there is just something special enjoying coffee out of big mugs and not recyclable paper cups.A surprising first for me is getting actual lunch at a coffee place and was pleasantly surprised to find the food was also really good.  Can you tell I am a fan yet?  I ordered a Curry Chicken sandwich and it was huge and delicious so finished the whole thing.  There was a nice bonus on the plate - Mango Chutney so make sure you get that if you order lunch at Echo.  I would have loved just a bowl of that and bread as its flavor was so good.  I need to find out where they get this from as I want to have it at home. About $12.50 for my huge Chai tea and curry chicken sandwich.
Rl1gotAIgb8wHCi48puewQ	P5a2hK5G64J7DcNwLAPhuA	1	1	I never got a chance to try the food because I was so turned off by the way I was treated. My family and I will be waiting for a table across the parking lot at The Cheesecake Factory.
a2swmdqJKVM_yEGS9QWZsQ	MLVKDbuI2xaOJQ4-NZj2MQ	4	0	I really liked the experience I had at Marcellino's on Friday night.  They had opera singers from the Phoenix Symphony performing which were very good.  I enjoyed my handmade ravioli with spinach and yummy cheese (not fish yay!) filling and the wine and the mouse.  It was good!! But then something happened....my date gave the server his card to pay for the meal and it was brought back as not able to be processed (yikes!).  The server also informed him that they'd been able to process someone else's but one other didn't go through.  My date checked his account on line and it had plenty to cover, but had just enough cash to cover the tab, not really enough for a tip.  So he asked the server if they would try to put a lesser amount on the card to cover the tip and take the cash.  This is when the server informed us that the machine might be down and it wasn't just his it was everyone's! So he kinda lied earlier, which wasn't cool.  We then waited another 30 minutes without an appearance by the server to explain what was going on, although I could see Marcellino working on the machine, even trying his own card.  My date got up to go speak with him, and the server tried to divert him, but he was respectful and wanted to speak with the owner.  No attempt was made to really apologize for the delay or make up for the wait...so they wrote down his information and address to mail him a receipt.Then, the next day, he checked his account and he'd been charged twice!! :( sad, because I thought I might like to go back at some point.
7m3c59swF7eH2DGV2OTShA	IPsG_71MD8pwB9i3TKOJYg	5	0	This place is amazing. Absolutely LEGIT. Some of the best shawarma and hummus in the US (Zankou Chicken in LA is a close competitor). The pita sandwiches are stuffed with delicious fresh meat, traditional pickles, and tahini or garlic dressing (depending on preference). Ask for their hot sauce to help spice things up even more. And the Jasmine infused lemonade is crazy sweet, but really good. I love this place, and have been a die-hard fan for over 4 years now.
QGe-BFFgDnVJ2l3jHXq0eA	d_8bMNQd0mesbEUeq1U2kQ	3	2	If Star of India (SoI) is named after the historic ship that set sail from Great Britain to India then it is best to declare at the beginning that there is nothing worth remembering about this place and there is little that keeps you afloat in the morass of ordinary fare. Like many other Indian restaurants in the valley, the smell of Indian cooking hangs in the air and permeates every piece of furnishing. The place does not disappoint when it comes to service, it is warm, quick and attentive. The complimentary papadums (Indian flatbread) with homemade chutneys (condiments) is usually the high point of a meal at SoI. Experiences with the order could be as follows: Gobi Parantha (Indian bread stuffed with cauliflower)- The real thing is meant to be fluffy and served with butter but the SoI parantha resembles a topping-less thin crust pizza. Lamb korma- The gravy is thick, nutty with a lot of authentic flavours but the meat tastes pre-cooked. Chicken biriyani- it is difficult to describe the God-food that is biryani but SoI manages to serve a new variation which is nothing more than chicken pieces thrown into a mishmash of rice and vegetables. Disheartenment with the over-priced, sub-standard food could lead to a decision of not ordering dessert. Finally, as observed in other reviews and the menu, if you visit this place then stick with the tandoori stuff and Chef's specialities. However in that case the excitement of an extensive menu will be lost.
ZQ2S7QL9ubt_zZdcE4Kz9Q	nXKwzVKJCtIGd4HxXgjdnQ	4	0	I love that this place has top seafood plates and choices. The services is hit and miss but once i went in with three friends and we sat at the sushi bar and they saw we weren't getting service they grabbed our order right away. Happy hour is good and drinks aren't expensive anyhow so drinkers celebrate! Cherry roll (i do it without sauce), octopus, anything with their eels, i love the quality of salmon as well. The best part is that FOOD IS SERVED TILL 2AM!!
h6_uHLM-j0vKLjkRmKSNlg	2ceeU8e3nZjaPfGmLwh4kg	5	1	This is my favorite haunt. Whether it be St. Patricks Day, before a sundevil game or just a place to meet some friends for a quick drink. Gavin and the rest of the peeps are great. The food is the good, whether out on the patio eating bar food or inside the dining room indulging in dinner. This place will always be the primary place to grab a Guinness for me.
SuHlTdX-4q-mXkXD_H0m7g	WJ5mq4EiWYAA4Vif0xDfdg	4	2	Well.. i love the space. It feels like a fresher, newer LUX.  EVerythings "newer"..that's the only real difference (oh..and it;s 3 blocks over). Same varied array of mid-century modern tables and chairs.  Original artwork spread thru-out.   I've heard it the same original owners of LUX so it makes sense.    Even the espresso tastes like LUX.. which i don;t care for really.. tastes burnt.  I love my espresso... but not here nor there.i love the space, its convenient, evreyone was friendly but (BIG BUT).. they close at 7pm Here's why i find it a problem... .Near a big High Rise, off the light rail (central and c-back).. so I would assume the majority of the crowd would prefer showing up, having a copa de cafe', enjoy some wi-fi surfing, mingle with friends.. but... how can I if i get off work at 5... i;m home by 5:30... freshen up at home.. it';s now 6.... i walk to  Lola... its now 6:15... I order my coffee... it;s ready.. i sit down.. it;s 6:30, I now have 30 minutes to enjoy my espresso read the paper or check my email.  but hey,,, that;s just me.  why do I give it 4 stars u may ask... again.. i love the space, the people, the art.. the furniture.. and most importantly I love small local business.PLEASE STAY OPEN LATER! (and reconsider your espresso bean)
XIW7sy-FBHx6W0pyjv3Hgg	AkOruz5CrCxUmXe1p_WoRg	4	0	Ordered the pork ramen and a rainbow roll. Both were great, sushi was like every other good sushi place and pork ramen was tasty and spicey. Good service from waiter but the hostesses weren't able to keep up with everyone and forgot we were there and had us wait awhile. Other than that, experience was good and would come back.
DdeLB3snAlRh2qtZVss9LQ	R8VwdLyvsp9iybNqRvm94g	4	0	My wife and I visited LGO a while back and we were both impressed and enjoyed our meal. The WINGS were by far the best I have ever tasted. Our pizza was great, we had the pepperoni and ricotta. It does get kinda crowded and chaotic on weekend nights. The grocery store in pretty cool but didn't buy anything. Like a previous review, it did feel like a upscale Cracker Barrel. All around a great place to eat. Also, Take a camera so you can take pictures of all the lame hipster clowns that try to make it all about them. They are the only downside to LGO.
hfPUZTSCEACNP8d1FYUKCQ	ItMihRR-t810HgctGofF3g	4	2	If you have dietary restrictions or are insanely health-conscious (like me), YOU MUST TRY NOURISH.This is an amazing culinary experience for two reasons. First, if you are looking for exceptionally healthy food or have dietary-restrictions, you have a multitude of yummy choices.  The organic-y menu ranges from special dietary needs (Gluten-free, Egg-free, Dairy-free, etc.) to proteins from Vegan to Free-Range Meats.   All foods are well marked for dietary-restrictions.   Yesterday, we had a great roasted chicken and hamburger (gf bun--burger was a bit bland and dry but wifey was happy just having meat, since I do the cooking for us.)  The quinoa is quite tasty too.  The sweet potato-avacodo salad is great, as are the fries.  The 'free' cucumber water is very refreshing, to which I have adopted having a pitcher in my own kitchen.The second reason the kitchen is REALLY COOL is that it is a COLD kitchen, with no ventilation.  Food is pre-cooked in kilm-like ovens, then when ordered, the prep work is to put into 800 degree Air-Fryers (and yes, no oil is used, it's an air dryer that looks like a jet-turbine engine).  It makes awesome fries and crispy skins on chicken.  Some done-ness variation does occur in this process; nonetheless, it works well for restaurants with not exhaust.p.s.  Thanks for the tour.
T5uA9SW0saB8wuFMs9IsyQ	c2_iUhnFqctffbBCSVMEbQ	4	2	I like these sort of "mom & pop" spots, small and intimate setting.  Great pizza!  I always enjoy the veggie pizza with jalapenos, oh so good!  And mu hubby loves the suicide wings, but we've tried almost everything off of the menu and you CANNOT go wrong.  Prices rock too!
R3Dndbcc0jEAlXyr4JV1EA	EWMwV5V9BxNs_U6nNVMeqw	5	3	After reading the great reviews and getting plenty of recommendations to try Fez, I had the awesome opportunity to test it out last night at my first Yelp event and I am in love!  From the bright decor to the delicious food to the amazing service (I mean everyone who works there actually looks like they enjoy their job and are having a good time!) this place is 5 star.  I love the cozy lounge feel and could easily see myself enjoying several hours of delicious cocktails and conversation with friends.  This would be a great spot for dinner, drinks, or even an event (another Yelp event please!).Highlights:Tasty drink menuFabulous wicker tables and trendy IKEAish styleGreat part of townSexy servers...dangImpress someone: Take them to FEZ!
YlAdlU2f1Fumt7U6OGUs0A	VDzgxHjMJj-1nMfJMtcSPQ	2	2	Tried this for the first time today.  While my hubbies french toast was wonderful and the kiddos enjoyed their meal, my biscuits and gravy tasted much like bacon grease and flour.  Sending it back and trying something else is what I would have liked to do, but the server never returned to check on us until my family was finished with their meal.  The owner did apologize and asked us to give them a try again.  Maybe I will, if the staff gets some training.  Everyone seemed completely overwhelmed.  It's too bad~as I love going out for breakfast.
jWvzWKC2AM-enanyY0rOjw	2ceeU8e3nZjaPfGmLwh4kg	2	1	People used to rave about this place - I never got it...and I find it interesting that several other folks said the SAME thing in their reviews.  The parking lot would be full if you didn't get here before 7 PM, the service was always terrible and the crowd was overwhelmingly hipster morons.  Yeah, sure - that's better than the popped collar frat boy meat heads on Mill Ave but not who I want to spend my time with.This place is for folks with too much to prove.I'm pretty sure I only went once - maybe twice...I won't be back.
mf3osxL0XKEwcJ37tWzOMg	KGX7O-_WqOIy9o7u9NOa9A	5	1	Yes, it is small, yes, it takes time to get your order, but the quality of the food serve is excelent !!! Celina is the name of the owner (not Selena) of this fabulus resturant.  She takes your order, runs to the kitchen and then she serves your order too. I wouldn't say that this is a one person resturant, because she has help in the kitchen.  Very few Mexican resturants in Phoenix serve food as good as this one. The Menu is limited but whatever you order you will not be disappointed.
pXuWwfsLqMhNBRG_MLsBGA	GlfwqH2dY3MKxrRirKeueg	1	0	Service was horrible and food was mediocre at best~ won't be going back
1WupnSzzotzuhjkyl7yTEA	R8VwdLyvsp9iybNqRvm94g	4	0	La Grande Orange is great......at certain times! I used to work by there and the curbside pick-up is fantastic. Other than that? I find myself hesitating to go there now because of the atrocious parking situation. This place is an absolute zoo on the weekends and when I can't find a parking spot by the restaurant, I find myself parking in the surrounding neighborhood worrying that my car may be towed when I come out! Needless to say, their homemade English Muffins are amazing. I really could just survive on those happily for the rest of my life. The grape preserves on the side are fantastic as well...and I don't even like grape preserves! That, paired with their coffee, makes for one of the best breakfasts in the Valley. And, if you're splurging? Go for the salted chocolate chip cookie if they have it. It makes me happy just thinking about it. :-)This place is great if you have a weekday morning available to come here..or an hour or two on the weekend. The little shopping area is great to browse around - when you can figure out a way through all the people in line! Don't get me wrong..the food is fantastic. I just like a little more relaxation on my weekend than fighting through the hordes just to get that amazing english muffin. It's worth it, but then I just feel tired.....annoyed. And that's really not how I want to start my weekend off. If you can....call in the order for Curbside Pick Up. That way, you can enjoy LGO without the frustration of finding the mythical parking spot, standing in a long line (albeit trendy) and searching for a table with everybody else so you don't have to eat the wonderfulness standing up.
hAWU7LKCKdeM0lYyYfY3fQ	Qr232ykh-d73aAKQqfdu8Q	5	0	Can't go wrong with an iced gingerbread latte, hot waffle with Nutella spread and free wi-fi - especially shared with my beautiful wife. :)
5luYHSisIHcx7YtZohJPaQ	NAkRjPhS4yCD5trp0dY-bQ	1	0	Refused to call me a cab because I had a phone.
INhnWFbTOFOil3Q_Is0RGw	MHy50GRrcXxMORpF_-kNCA	5	2	Yup, I'm reviewing a gas station. I like the Quiktrip chain in general and this station in particular.I find Quiktrips to generally be the cheapest gas in town. Sure, the Arco sign down the street might say it's 2 cents/gallon cheaper, but then you get whacked with the ATM surcharge, not to mention there's all those bums loitering in the adjacent bus stop.With Quiktrip, the place is well lit, there's always a trash can and window squeegee at every pump, the convenience store is better than most, and unlike most other gas stations, they don't charge you for the air compressor. Oh, and the person at the register will actually greet you when you step inside the door, while managing to sound sincere about it. Is that the coolest thing for a convenience store or what? Bonus: for those of you who enjoy shopping at the Hot Chick Safeway down the street, this is the Hot Chick Gas Station.
gNepvdQlS4feEB92g33qVw	UUssRgBCO_riWg3chbv9Zg	2	0	Not impressed. Beer was cold, but bar keep was disinterested in assisting us, atmosphere was drab, place was small, and the to go order was TERRIBLE! There was no BBQ the day we were there and I just wasn't feeling the place. My hubby and I have been missing this place since it closed its original restaurant in Cave Creek. We heard it moved to Phoenix and we found it and went there this past week. Unfortunately, it was nothing like the old, hopping, smell good, smokey, fun filled environment of the original SF. I can see that they have a lot of regulars and the barkeep knew everyone that walked through the door, which to me,  was very cool, but it just wasn't gelling for me this night I suppose. We ordered the deep Fried green chili's and there was soooo much batter  on them, I had to really concentrate hard to find the chili. I ended up peeling all of the batter off of the chili's just to get a small bite. icky. I would give this another chance just because I hate writing a bad review. So, after the holidays, may check it out on a Friday night and see where it stands then, Also, I will hope that when I arrive next time, the smoker out back is kicking and there is some REAL BBQ to be had.
olF_c_Lv-MCdFrfb6ixILw	R3sbDS0YcJDedSmUjwE48Q	5	0	Tried going there for my 1st visit and they were closed during hours they were supposed to be open.  Have tried calling them a few times during normal business hours and did not get anyone to pickup.  They may be closed for good.  Not sure.
yHkvJxOyBbGT3MG-d487zw	LzNJLEIo4gh-X_rmDkNkNg	4	0	Great drinks!!!Good atmosphereFantastic food (the bbq chicken pizza is a must)Nice people to conversate withWhat is not to like?Oh yes, the creepy guy that kept staring at me. Oh well, he will not be there next time I go...I hope :)
KnBBQ-r_eP9h3MNEBhhNrA	zruUQvFySeXyEd7_rQixBg	4	2	We arrived at US Egg on St. Patrick's Day at 10:00 am before the A's vs. Giants Spring Training game and only had a wait of 15 minutes. Not bad to start! Promptly seated we were brought a pitcher of water and ordered our breakfast. The Denver Scramble is delicious! My husband ordered the Hash & eggs - reasonably priced, quick service and a ton of food to start your long days off right!
WZsnJvHQoXIRlYA0c9XmQQ	1_WD7kvNQAbscw1c7CFH3A	5	0	Their food was GREAT! I had the pancit, lumpia, and that purple rice! The price was not bad for the amount of food that they gave you!Even though they had a very long line they were still very fast with service!
hxX_83ihwWyWE_p8mO077w	xmjv8g356v8Qo55ICjG8rg	4	0	My family and I love this place. Yummy food, great service, kid friendly, rarely a wait, great prices, nice beer selection, food always comes out hot, and people around you are having a good time. The boneless chicken with raspberry barbecue sauce is so so yummy!
lI8Bo4AMQT7C-zNLgvRasw	29hR24tcAM3JZaXfA5xCxQ	4	1	My husband surprised me with a stay-cation at the Westin Resort for the weekend and we ate here on our first night!Let me just say, I LOVE MUDDLED DRINKS, I am not a fan of cosmos or martini's or anything that just tastes like strong alcohol - BLAH! For me stronger isn't better, flavor and uniqueness is better! This place has by far the best muddled drinks I have ever had! If you just want to go for drinks they have this cute little drink bar right before you enter the restaurant - separate from the main dining which I thought was nice. The decor is romantic latin! I love it! We started our dinner first by receiving these potato rolls. OMG where have these been my entire life!!!!???!! They are just fall apart in your mouth good! We both ordered mambo mango drinks - STELLAR! We then got the tres ceviches (lobster escabeche / mixto clasico / ruby red tuna) the lobster was the best! But all very good. However the crab empanada was my favorite! YUM!My husband got the jidori chicken and myself the adobo pork. Both were good but not GREAT. Too much seasoning on my pork. To me this place is a MUST go to for drinks and small bites. I would have given this place five stars but the entrees just didn't do it for us. However, it was not horrible - just okay. The rest of our experience with dinner - service, restaurant ambiance, overall feel and all of our food and drinks before the entrees was AMAZING! So we will be back just for a more small bites and drink night!
x08RjoY6FzKBAqLWIw5psg	l1kqHWtICTNk8TdCNisf5A	5	2	OK, yeah, everyone LOVES teriyaki, we know!Well, don't so quickly dismiss the other absolutely AMAZING dishes served here!  It may look like a little pre-processed Japanese hole in the wall from the outside, but they're a die hard home-made mom and pop your mouth full of great food establishment!I'd highly recommend trying the Katsu bowl! You can hardly find ANY kind of Japanese katsu in AZ, yet they have an excellent one that's very traditional, but not too expensive! I'd love to explain the mystique of this dish, but too many people think that fried egg with onions and leeks topped over a diced pork cutlet that's coated in panko bread crumbs is too strange to be palatable.  Well, to them I say you should educate your tongue, and expose it to some delicious culture! There's also Orange chicken... This dish is completely the bee's knees. It easily and without remorse makes Panda Express look like a burnt out oil can that a homeless person decided to cook some chicken in over a pile of burning newspapers.Their house beef? Spicy garlic brown sauce and beef with mushrooms? Heaven.  Simple and delicious.And I haven't even mentioned their coup de grace yet.  Their fried rice might seem a little "heavy" on the surface as it's lightly fried with some garlic oil, but it outclasses all competitors.  Paired with their lightly fried shrimp, it's sweet garlic love.  Seriously, their fried rice is the Sean Connery of fried rices.As I've been eating here for far longer than I'd like to admit, I'd have to say I might be a little biased.  But, for the great unique quality and cheap price, I guarantee you're not going to find any better in AZ!
gZV-8mMVVaNx1jwm_7h9HA	EGiGWZp_zSqdeftiFQ7MbA	3	2	From the outside the place looked alot busier however, Not a bad place to go for lunch on Friday afternoon. Especially when it's close to 1pm as the place was pretty empty. My coworker order brisket tacos and they came out stuffed with tons of brisket. She said they they were very good and I will take her word for it as they looked pretty tasty. Now me, I am not an enchilada person however the enchilada de avocado sounded pretty good as it had two of my favorites stuffed in in, avocado and artichoke. I must admit that it was pretty good. I only finished a little bit of it as I had filled up on the warm chips and salsa that was served when we sat down. Yum. So why only three stars? Well It's actually 3.5 stars as although the food and the company were great, the service was a little off. Like I said the place was empty and yet our server either forgot about us at times or was busy doing something else in the back. Nicole, our server was sweet enough but still.... hmmm. Oh well no biggie. It was empty and we did get in and out in under an hour but not 5 star worthy. Will I be back again? Probably as the food was pretty good. Heck the chips and salsa alone are worth giving it another shot.
oYcKDHrZ8ziPdX9ORRoJUw	X5QTGpPfqXFtmtizsGAksw	4	0	Enjoyed sitting outside and the barra viejo shrimp dish.  I didn't find anything "to die for" but it's good.  More importantly it was a nice evening and I enjoyed the experience very much.  My waiter was very laid back and friendly.  I didn't feel rushed and was able to have a relaxed dinner.  Case in point- I'm usually a one-drink girl, but I had 2 that day.
BeTsdc7abK_c6QIZPV3o7g	LzNJLEIo4gh-X_rmDkNkNg	4	0	I am not a beer drinker, so this is not rating the beer, but the food and atmosphere.1) Atmosphere: sweet - great patio and nice bar scene inside2) Food - pretty good for bar food3) Hit it up if you are in Tempe, its just one of those places you need to go
TFkWpWEpcioVVV-iKU3fdw	GIGI8bJfN6HyPzmEW-QqjA	4	0	I've been here a million times and usually have lunch at the bar.  This is the classic french brasserie style restaurant.  With a nod to Balthazar restaurant in NY's Soho this is a fun place.This visit I sat at the bar and had the curry chicken sandwich on toasted sourdough.  I think that toasting the bread on any sandwich makes it better.  The sweet curry flavor make this sandwich a winner.Sean may be the best bartender in Scottsdale.  He is always friendly and very efficient.Definitely stop in here the next time you're at Kierland Commons.
_dO-XDY5X_R0cp53bEGnPA	M0Ulu3PzwBumgOZJL-6KnQ	4	0	Finally! A non-corporate place in Chandler that doesn't try too hard, yet knows how to please with high-end ingredients: local and organic when possible!I ordered the Chef's Burger from their lunch menu. Grass-fed, ground in-house 8 oz burger with arugula, Gruyère, and onion rings.  I personally would have liked the arugula melted under the Gruyère or tossed with the Russian dressing.  It was too ordinary undressed on the top bun. But, it IS the Chef's Burger and if that's how he likes it, then that's the way it should be enjoyed. Oh, and the onion rings are awesome.  The service was genuine and friendly. The food came out reasonably fast and HOT!It would have been nice if you could hear the music...it was just too quite.I will definitely come back and try other menu options and I highly recommend BLD!!
mD0e-9jhmbG13jNxYcIg7Q	9Vu9KhK2-kBSM-FXvxXGNg	3	2	For quick fast food.. this is my choice.. I usually call ahead and get take out.. Dont expect super friendly.. but its just take out.. not clear table service.. even if you stay.. I always get the chicken salad with sesame vinagrette on the side but I will say, Im not a fan of the pungent dressing.. I get the chile sauce instead.. vietnamese rolls.. and its not so unhealthy.. NOW my friends that usually nosh with me.. hate the foods they get.. they say it every time I suggest this place.. who knows? Since I  havent really tried anything from my norm salad.. I cant say.. but for me its a strong 3..
yj_LYhizV601mC2Y9ql55A	18TUn9oiW0k0yB6lheiOvw	5	0	Yep -- still my favorite hole-in-the-wall eatery awesomeness. The brisket sandwich with cheddar and slaw and dippin' sauce was to die for. I ate at the bar and just enjoyed my visit.  Can't wait til I can walk here!
HqepGdfaKNmtNmdkkeuJVA	d52zg-S0o940WUCK-nNiKw	4	5	I recall my first visit to Carolina's...The time? About 1 PM.As my GPS says "You have arrived at your destination," I frantically look. I see nothing that looks like a hole in the wall restaurant!Well, I review the exact address, and note that the address (1202 Mohave Street) matches the "ghetto" building with all the nice cars parked afront."Well, that must be it!"I park. Then I walk up to the door. The entrance reminded me of a homeless shelter or food bank.As I entered, the restaurant was filled with people.Since then, I have repeated visits to Carolina's with a few favorites...- Chips and Salsa- Shredded Beef Taco (Crispy)- Cheese Quesadillas- Cheese EnchiladasThe food is low-priced. For example, tacos are about $2 each. Burritos are about $4 each.Additional Notes:- Closes relatively early in the evening.- Serves breakfast.
nTCK1ssbAbyZlAYFJAaZZw	SLLRCOUiq-WY0nmePLQAYQ	3	0	Big fan of their SW Chicken Caesar salad and fire roasted tomato soup. My favorite sandwiches are the chicken panini, the turkey cranberry, and the teriyakki chicken wrap. I love both wildflower and Paradise but Paradise Bakery has the best cookies. And although I do not get it very often because its a killer in calories, the chocolate cheesecake brownie is to die for!
CLegdxmPfC1u9IU-r_uGMw	OE5nAmaSVaopeRS1Cs9Kuw	4	0	Come with an appetite!I went for a work event which was real nice. We had the private dining room and the whole 9 yards.All I can say is if you're not a fan of red meat or have a cholesterol problem don't bother. The ambiance is not as format as I assumed it to be due to the location and hype. Although, the meat and presentation is great. Anything you want sent right to your table and cooked however you would like. Just don't leave your card on the green for too long otherwise you will have more meat than you can handle.On the other hand, the specialty drinks are good. I don't recall the name of it but they served a traditional Brazilian drink that was wonderful. Not as strong for my liking but good. The salad bar was great too. Everything was fresh and there sure was a lot to choose from. Probably the best I have seen in a while.
bopymn8kouD2GHzrca84cw	eZyqa81qS0LuH0Bv8vfvrw	5	2	No matter where you go in the World if you are wearing an in and out shirt or hat some big guy usually yells out "In and Out Man I love that place" I think that says it all.
5vaFU2g9t88ge4Fm_JnM2A	-3WVw1TNQbPBzaKCaQQ1AQ	3	4	Had lunch here today after hearing all the colossal raves about it. However, once I walked in, I realized that any semblance of having an authentic Chinese meal went out the window (no offense, my hungry white friends!). I decided to try it out anyway, was seated by a friendly waiter and ordered the hot & sour soup (they were able to sub in chicken instead of pork - bonus) and the waiter recommended the house chicken to me. I asked for it to be made really spicy, knowing full well it wasn't going to be (no one EVER listens to me when I demand the food be spicy - listen, dammit, I'm brown, people). Anyway, that's my issue.The hot & sour soup arrived, and it was excellent. I was happy. Nothing mars a Chinese meal more than beginning it with a bowl of shiteous soup. Then came the house chicken (with string beans added for $1). Steamed rice costs another extra buck - I get annoyed when Chinese restaurants don't make it complimentary, but again, my issue. Anyway, the chicken was just ok. Nothing amazing and it still ended up feeling pretty heavy. So that dish I'm more willing to give it 2.5 stars. So why did I bump up the star wattage? I guess the service. The waiter:* noticed I wasn't devouring my dish and offered to switch it for any other dish of my choice, no extra charge. Who does this nowadays - in a Chinese restaurant no less? Extra star.* is from the SF Bay Area like myself, so he gave me the lowdown for good Asian food in Phoenix (for dimsum he recommended Golden Buddha first, Great Wall second, C-Fu third - then for Vietnamese he recommended some place on 19th Ave between Indian School & Camelback.) He agreed that Thai, Korean, and sushi in Phoenix is kind of a letdown compared to California, but almost all the Asian restaurants (he admitted, including China Chili) cater to their core customers, who by sheer demographics are pretty much not Asian. That said, he told me that China Chili is THE place people go to for Chinese food, including Chris Bianco (of Pizzeria Bianco), the mayor, folks from Channel 10 news, the owner of the Diamondbacks, etc. etc. So take that for what you will.* When I asked if this China Chili was affiliated with..."oh, the one in Fremont? No. But people say that place is good and fancy and has an electric piano." Bonus points for knowing that.Anyway, he recommended I come back and get the Mongolian beef next time, which I'll definitely do, plus the hot & sour soup. I didn't mind the big open seating area - many Chinese restaurants in SF are like this, loud and raucous. All in all, China Chili is a case where service overcame the food (again, how often does that happen?) to come back and give it another shot. And there you have it.
4GN4dKHBVHEMzWyAGkZ6bw	1eJiyKXx_ruNu6F36BJQCg	3	0	a bit too sweet (sweeter than Yogurtland and Red Mango), but liked the skinny mango and blueberry flavors, excellent spread of toppings (incl. green tea mochi) and great quality fruit. perfect stop-in on Mill.
yG7p1fhb0q8Pz_oUGU834g	91n02N35x38nvR1XH-jOAw	3	0	Very VERY average. Actually disappointed in the braciole. Kelsey with the pretty smile and form fitting shorts would probably make me think about going back and trying something different.
JngfXIeZ16IEVs9q05TOaA	fjHUnUP1Lt-YAbeWUx2LrQ	3	0	Finally tried Sucker Punch Sally's today and I think it has promise.  They are still on the small opening menu so the lunch choices were limited but I had the pork tenderloin sandwich and must say I was impressed.  Obviously made in house and not frozen, nice sized portion and very tasty, almost like a German schnitzel.  The fries were so-so, I don't care much for fresh cut fries as they are usually limp like these were.  Will definitely give them another try for breakfast and when they get the full menu going in a few weeks.  Nice vibe and the waitress was very friendly.  If you live in the area and have been thinking about it, give them a try.
rHFrTHicKvplYqoAUl__FA	t_0576Esa58pcLHCEpj31A	4	0	Really nice jumping point for a good night in Phoenix. Crab Cake Sandwich was great!
nK6jxzqS5pVVTDYtva_Lew	XWvht_1ZLdK7EHJ3jo4q0g	5	4	Weekend plans prevented me from kicking off AZ Restaurant Week on Saturday. So on Monday, Venyse and I headed to White Chocolate Grill where we both had our cherries popped.We started out with the spinach artichoke dip. The blends of cheeses made this perhaps the single most spectacular dip I've ever had the honor of putting in my mouth. O.M.G. Venyse and I were practically clawing at the bowl to get the last of its creamy loveliness. But when you hit a home run so soon in the game, the rest of a meal can seem at odds.However, I was not daunted. She ordered the New York Strip with a side of mashed potatoes (with good gravy...what exactly is that?) and roasted carrots; I the blackened Mahi [*back story to follow] topped with crab and a side of Israeli couscous. We didn't share our protein, but we sampled each others sides. All were very good, but the carrots really stood out. The gravy and the potatoes were good and I loved my couscous. But halfway through here steak and by the last few bites of my fish, we both hit the wall. A food coma was certain. I persevered but Venyse relented and boxed the rest of her meat and carrots.Then came the white chocolate brownie. So sweet, so rich, so topped with vanilla ice cream. It was all we could to to make a dent in it. We both felt bad, because isn't white chocolate supposed to be their signature ingredient? Regardless, this was a terrific first restaurant to go with which to begin. And we both agreed it would be a place in our future dinner splurges. I also must admit I love LOVE the belt buckles. Having about 42 myself, I was intrigued when I first noticed what I thought read "SWAG" after staring for perhaps too long in that general region of one of the staff. (Really super sorry if that creeped you out.) It's actually WCG.[* When a group of us went to Key West one December to escape of the harsh winter of NWOhio and Detroit, we went to a restaurant the listed "Dolphin" as one of its menu items. I asked in a slightly shocked voice if it was really dolphin, to which the server responded it was actually Mahi. 'Oh,' I responded. 'Then I'll have the veggie burger.' Because even in 1998 I was a food bitch.]
Jp1Qz-v1T8l26EPpYb7Iow	Lnohr9bpCbHNsomazXDg-w	1	1	I waited 45min and ended up with a tiny gross little serving of tortilla with vegetable scraps thrown in it, served in a aluminum take-out box. The tables are folding tables, like the kind you play beer pong on. And they have pictures of kids and babies on the walls and signs asking people to send in pictures of their kids for the walls too, which has nothing to do with Asian/Mexican cuisine, it creeped me out.
BkTIVrr0ghwYSOIwBmnk0Q	NH67MdKaFGNcP-dlu56pyw	5	1	The best tai in downtown for the price! Masiman is the most tasty dish here!
MsfsufTolTGqp8e1odn0fA	9ziO3NpoNTKHvIKCBFB_fQ	4	1	I have never had a bad meal from here. I can't say the service is quite up to par considering the menu, interior and pricing, but sometimes the food is all you need to be won over. This restaurant is within walking distance from my work and when I have gone for lunch, I have never had to wait. The host is professional and poised. Unfortunately, the hostesses are not as much. But again, you can quickly look past that. The menu has already changed at least a couple of times which makes the dining even more fulfilling because you can keep trying new things! The food is definitely not average or casual cafe style, yet you can find things on the menu such as homemade chips, baked macaroni and cheese and a buffalo sloppy joe. The bar is beautiful and they have live jazz on Saturday nights.Great for a business lunch, a romantic dinner or tasteful happy hour.
LgEe0Ryq099i2O8BhK5Nfw	3n9mSKySEv3G03YjcU-YOQ	4	2	Very pleasant hip restaurant. Try as many Bruchetta options as you can; each order comes with 4 pieces (potentially 4 different toppings), and all the ones I got were delicious: Brie & Apples with Fig Spread, Tomato Jam & Fresh Sheeps Milk Cheese, Prosciutto with Figs & Mascarpone, and Fresh Mozzarella with Tomato & Basil.
cY55iO5GK4nsY4-4eCSHyQ	6P2DqisDHtmD4Lvs2sMP-A	1	0	Totally dissapointed.  I had purchased a coupon from TravelZoo, to try out this restaurant, which given its location I would have thought it was going to be very upscale and we were expecting a WHOLE LOT MORE.  The Service was great, but the food, not worth it.  The restaurant itself is very outdated, very 80's.  My husband and I had the crab cakes for appertizer.  They were cold when they were served.  We told our waiter, who in turn told the chef, and the message was passed back to us, that she appologized.   My Husband ordred a 12oz New York Strip ala carte for $29.95, 6 oz of that was pure fat!  and for the price you would expect to get more meat than fat!  I ordered a wild mushroom pizza, which was OK.   This place needs an over haul in a major way, if they want to make any money at the restaurant, which for a Saturday night at 7pm when we went, was empty.  I think the highlight of the meal was the bottle of cabinet!
8u4Zx8HOdKGIUdFzjqqXFw	xsSnuGCCJD4OgWnOZ0zB4A	3	0	Really mixed feelings here. Met a friend here on a Thursday about 6:45. Place was busy, but we were able to get seated immediately as it wasn't totally full, and even being not at capacity, it was insanely loud. Naturally I expect a beer bar to have a relatively high volume but this place was ridiculously loud to the point of being annoying.The beer selection was good though I'm not sure that makes up for the loudness and atmosphere that seemed a bit off: really brightly lit, and the decorating was of the signs-bought-new-but-made-to-look-old variety. Almost like a Bennigan's, kind of fakey-like. And why oh why does a place that specializes in beer and seats so many people have just a single urinal and single stall in the tiny men's bathroom? I hate standing in line to pee but than again maybe I'm just getting old :D (as an aside, obviously I have no experience using the women's so can't address that, sorry ladies)I'll try it again though. Food was OK, not great. Probably won't be a regular hangout since it's not close by to where I live and it didn't seem worth going out of the way for considering how many other beer bars/breweries there are around the city with better atmosphere.
zAlqvp4Jz3ImkkEaUjDuOQ	MXOdsPTLQPsQK9hUq01DWg	4	0	Sweet Potato Tater Tots..................why are you still reading?  what more needs to be said?  Yum Yum getcha some!The only thing keeping them from 5 stars is their unwillingness to enforce rules with parents who bring kids and think everybody else wants to enjoy watching them run around the place like its a playground, its NOT - keep your kids at the table or at home.
8RdvpQ1dFAUE8kIZvbtbcw	4AKcmN--0hbF0kX9pg8scg	5	1	Excellent burger
X6RfPfjHFBkA2UB3QotYSw	IMGW6y8wHQCfr_6k-YXg_A	4	1	I was actually really impressed, even though I didn't think I would be.  I headed here for lunch last week when Chipotle was super busy.They have a great and fairly affordable lunch menu with lots of options, including lots of vegetarian options.  I also really appreciated that my waitress went back and checked with a vegetarian staff member to see if the tomato soup had meat stock (it didn't, but minestrone did).I got the pasta with the soup or salad combo with this delicious Mediterranean pasta - olive oil, feta, pine nuts, tomatoes and red peppers.  The pasta itself was surprisingly bland, but with a hint of salt and pepper, it was pretty tasty.  The bread that it came with was also delicious, all on its own.  I got the tomato soup, and man, it was definitely one of the better tomato soups I've been lucky enough to have.My server was great about the food coming out quickly, and was on top of my refills.  Very friendly, not over-crowding.I'll be back in the future with my partner to get a better feel for the beer (which I don't drink) and meat dishes (which I don't eat), but I'm happy with my first visit and will be back!
RlJ_E3O9p9QGjrQEsChm2Q	xhwp_bACX0017Qxu8_AVbw	4	0	I found this place in Yelp, so I at least started with some optimism ;) I wasn't disappointed. Great portions and plenty of variety. Got egg rolls, mu shu pork, house low mein,  Mongolian beef, rice and 4 fortune cookies, soy sauce, and hotmustard for about $30 plus tip. Plenty of leftovers after stuffing myself ;)  Everything tasted as expected, though the egg rolls and Mongolian beef were better than most... Not crazy great, but really good for take out/delivery. Now if they only made Chinese turkey for Christmas!!
cHQXswil4gewZ--z-wtc8Q	ojjtPlnSmCX1zCzWL7JoNQ	5	1	I have found my new favorite breaksfast/lunch spot! I love the much cozier and homey feel this place has as opposed to chains like Panera and Corner Bakery. We stopped in at Wildflower Bread Company over the weekend because I had heard great reviews about their freshly baked loaves of bread. We were just going to pick up a couple specialty loaves since we needed bread at home anyhow. Instead, we ended up staying for lunch after we got a peek at the menu and the dessert case. My fiance ordered the salmon alfredo and he loved it. This said a lot to me because he's normally not a pasta person. The salmon itself was really good - soft and flavorful. I had the butternut squash ravioli - one of my all time favorite pastas - and WBC's version did not disappoint. I loved the nutmeg flavor it had - perfect complement to the creamy sauce and the butternut squash. Both dishes came with big slices of grilled toast. The pasta portion sizes itself were perfect. Just the right amount to feel satisfyingly full but not overly stuffed like the portion sizes at Cheesecake Factory or Macaroni Grill. We ended our meal by splitting a lemon bar which also was devoured down to the last crumb.It was a later lunch for us (around 3pm) so it wasn't crowded inside but there were still a good amount of customers so it seems to be a favorite. Service was pleasant and fast and the menu has a wide variety of items that we're excited to go back and try more.
MtTbbSSKXimJCjvhEl6BIw	1NZLxU5WvB5roPFzneAlLw	2	1	Terrible food. Pretentious service. Stale bread brought to table. Mole was grainy and tasteless. On the upside, great tequila selection! At least you can get loaded and pretend the dinner you just waited too long for and paid too much for was worth it.
xmXoAQdtynpoI0fQvtQsZA	TsmBNiwMMeb8aRrZs00JBA	2	0	This place loses out due to poor customer service, which is a shame, because the food is good.  it didn't used to always be this way.  It used to be good food with a friendly, attentive staff, but then they changed management. Our first experience with the new management and staff wasn't great.  Service was slow, but we figured they must be busy so we let it slide.  Then we bought stuff from the market.  They have two registers side-by-side--one for the market purchases and one for the restaurant bills. We went to the restaurant register so we could pay for our market purchases along with our meal.  First of all, we got ignored and had several customers taken before us, despite the fact that we were there first.  When they finally decided to acknowledge us, they told us we couldn't pay at that register since we had a market purchase.  Rather than just sliding over to the next register and taking care of the purchase there, they made us wait in line again.  Finally we checked out...and were overcharged.  We didn't realize this until we got home and by then it wasn't worth going back. We decided to give them another chance and went back a few weeks later.  This time the service was even more slow. 15 minutes passed before we even got our water.  45 minutes later our food still hadn't arrived.  The waitress kept speeding by our table and ignoring us.  We snarfed our food down fast when it finally got there since we had to get back, and went to pay.  Long wait again as we got ignored for other customers who came after us, and then they overcharged us.  Again.  Fortunately we caught it this time.  They hastily made the correction, without so much as an apology.  Rather, they acted annoyed that we were holding them up.  How about getting it right the first time if you don't want to do it again? So that was it.  I don't think we'll be going back.  It's really a shame, because the food is  delicious and this used to be one of our favorite places.  It's just a shame that the new staff sucks.  I can get good food elsewhere and not be treated like garbage and overcharged.
hw7z9Y1Hvr9sXwKqUxMO3Q	Ih1TGSZyu2Q8htn2JA4tIA	2	1	I love German food, and as far as the food went at Bavarian Point, they had some good eats. The *only* reason I'm giving the restaurant two stars instead of one is the food. Their rindsroulade was very good, and the red cabbage and spaetzle were excellent. But the quality of the food was undercut by the poor service. It was bad enough that I wouldn't return, and certainly wouldn't recommend it to anyone else. As others have noted, there was no-one to greet or seat us -- not even a sign saying "seat yourself". Our waitress took a LONG time to make it to our table to take our drink orders, and when she did, she was complaining about something and looked put-out in general. When my wife ordered a beer, the waitress told her that it would be more expensive because it wasn't available on tap. Now, that could be useful information, but the manner in which she told my wife was defiant rather than helpful. Believe me, we gave her no reason to be so sour --  it was clear that this particular waitress was clearly unhappy -- whether with her job or life, it's hard to say. It's too bad, really, because the food *was* good. But why would anyone want to eat at a restaurant whose workers are either nowhere to be found, or miserable? Not me.
jDfW8sYmK9-JNcZoyY_naA	7Jmri1RCl9Ksmpi5EoIOZQ	4	1	One of my earliest memories of Phoenix concerns waking up under the eucalyptus trees that used to cover most of what is now the business park and shopping center next to what I will call the "new" Duck. The old one was far larger and would have been about where the Starbucks is now. Of course, I'm talking about 1973 here, so I digress. . . .Anyway, the current abbreviated Duck remains one of my favorite places to relax and hang out in Phoenix. Now I have a little one who enjoys running through the grass near the patio and socializing with the other youngsters that frequent the place. The bar features interesting wines by the bottle and glass. Most nights the by-the-glass happy hour special is something rather interesting, in contrast to the "red" or "white' found in other joints. The interior of the small bar is dark like a cellar. In fact, you can find a variety of atmospheres in and out of the Duck.And the sandwiches! Yes, try them all. Very, very good.
A8LQr-i0lN5x_tts8mwXdg	xY1sPHTA2RGVFlh5tZhs9g	2	0	Our group was not pleased with the quality of  the seared tuna salad (everything about it was low quality and just not tasty) and the quality of the grilled cheese (Velveeta cheese?) sliders.  The cuban sandwich was pretty good, though it's not enough to make us want to go back for more.  On the good side, our server was really nice and sitting outside was very pleasant and breezy.  I hope the food improves.
Lf5qRPFFlsrpT8IN2RYe6w	XeoeF0twXRV4mUZJgIjc8A	4	0	Being a stranger to town, it took a while to find it, but well worth the search.  I was hungry for cajun food and thought I would give it a try, and am glad I did.  I tried both the gumbo and jambalaya and both were excellent.  I sat at the bar, and the service was friendly and attentive. Although it is a long drive, I will be going back as soon as I have another craving for cajun food.
U70RIBj0LRe7E68XGsGURg	CMTDZRDnv_O0rwAvRVbjvg	4	2	Great soup at a great price.I go for the veggie soup normally, since I'm a bit leery of the raw meats and strange meatballs you can get.  Their vermicelli is also quite edible.Service could be a little quicker.Bring cash if you're spending less than $5 - with pho and water you will pay 3.50 + tax.  Cheapest lunch in town.
mtKGyWW1YFniTYzIFendBg	XkNQVTkCEzBrq7OlRHI11Q	3	1	Pizza crust & toppings are excellent. However the pizza sauce was too salty. I'm willing to try again later.
64oFbcXXvvr18fPZi9rREg	UIGFrEcoDsw05I1UOrxdOA	2	1	I believe this place is over-hyped.  the menu is overpriced.  the portions are small.  the meat is low quality.  slow service.  sterile decor.
uGTQAJ9h3WfqoHif_DbDKQ	fJx0N4N0NbyHEeoDU9nH8g	4	1	This place is sweet. They are not big on china, glassware or silverware. They use recycled products plates, plastic-ware and drinks in the container they come in (ie a coke in a coke can). The ambiance is awesome. Sweet and funny signs everywhere, reading material, classic rock playing. They only have the radio on but there always seem to be great songs on! They have a large patio out back that is difficult to see from the front but is really nice on a sunny morning. I haven't gotten past the breakfast bowls yet. $6 for 6 toppings, potatoes, buttered toast, and jam. Go ahead and eat carnivore, omnivore or herbivore style (not sure if there are vegan options). Seriously, this $6 breakfast bowl would be $12 at other places served on fine china and with silverware! I don't care about accoutrements like that. Especially when the food is so tasty.The location, midway point of the Melrose District, is stellar. You can spend hours walking up and down looking at retro shops and cool little places. Two Hippies sets a perfect tone for hanging out on 7th Ave!
ABF9gU7feK6obdFDeBq0vQ	YxLiLBNTm4cOg7OlKKLmVw	4	0	This is about a 3.5 star mexican place to me. I've always had good service but watched other folks get like 1-star service, at a level I might not come back.I like the White Chimichanga here. The Chili Verde is decent, and the Hatch Chilis are nice too, if you haven't had those.4 Stars - White Chimi3 Stars - Chili Verde3 Stars - Cheese crips with Hatch chilisI'm sure there are better places around but I've been coming here for several years when in the area, and I definitely enjoy this place.Sometimes they have hot chicks working up front. If you keep up this practice Arriba, I'll five-star you sometime soon!
7X9CV9e3PS_q-a_024kosA	F8q_9PUl-Lwjj9xIRPArcg	5	2	Have I got a place for you un-health conscious, frugal foodies out there!  Rocket Burger and Subs serves up huge sandwiches and fried delights for astonishingly low prices, and much of the food is home-made. There's also an enormous section of unusual soft drinks; for instance, there's over two dozen brands of root beer to choose from. Dennis, one of the owners worked for A&W for 8 years, so he probably has root beer running through his veins by now.      I saw Rocket Burger in a listing of new valley eateries, then did a little research. The reviews I saw were all stellar, so I knew we had to give it a try. It doesn't look like much, inside or out - it's in a little strip mall tucked behind Churches Chicken at 35th Ave. and Cactus. But it's clean, and everybody is helpful and pleasant. Ken gave a happy whoop when he saw Cheese Curds ($2.49/$4.49) on the menu. We decided to get an order while waiting for our friends Randy and Marty to join us. The curds came quickly out of the kitchen, piping hot, served with some tasty homemade marinara. They were a touch greasy, as they should be, and the oil was fresh. Marty and Randy arrived in time to save us from ourselves by helping to finish off the curds. Then we took a while trying to make our selections from the extensive menu. Eventually Randy and I both went for the New Yorker: pastrami with homemade slaw and thousand island dressing ($2.99, $3.99 or $4.99). Ken had a homemade-meatball  sub, with more of that good marinara and some provolone. It was the same price structure as our New Yorkers and all the rest of the entries under Classic Subs and Sandwiches. Marty went with a double burger ($3.89, the singles are $1 less). He could have opted for a Rocket Burger - !0 inch sub with three burgers and the fixings in either plain, cheese, bacon, teriyaki, or chili style ($4.99 to $5.99). Of course we had to try the fries and onion rings.     Again our food arrived quickly, served in plastic baskets. It became very quiet, except for the occasional growl of pleasure. The onion rings ($1.99) had been dipped in a thin cornmeal batter which made them nice and crunchy.  The handcut fries ($1.49) were skinny, the way I like them. Randy thought they were undersalted, but I thought they were fine - our usual disagreement. At any rate, they disappeared quickly. Unlike the sandwiches. They were so big that we all ended up taking half of each sub home. The slaw on the New Yorkers was delicious, as was my whole wheat sub roll. The meat balls were nice and tender, and there was plenty of cheese on top. Randy had found a bottle of ginger beer imported from Australia that had a wonderfully refreshing true ginger taste. There seemed to be actual pieces of ginger in it - instructions on the label said to invert the bottle before opening. It never did tell you to turn it right side up again - the Aussies give us more credit than we deserve.      Other food items available: Hebrew National hot dogs in several styles ($2.49), Pizza  Bread with various toppings, Gyros ($3.69), salads ($1.99 - $3.99), a fish sandwich ($2.49) served with homemade tartar sauce. And lots more. I don't know how Dennis and Steve manage to turn out food of this quality for so little money, but I surely do hope they continue and prosper!
DdGcTKaN7G1TbMZ5rbEWqQ	L9UYbtAUOcfTgZFimehlXw	3	0	Today I was ready to be beside myself with glee as I took my daughters out for lunch. I've been here several times for breakfast and lunch, and have never been disappointed. They have the BEST eggs!  I also love the layout and of course, the free wifi. August is their "Burger Daze", a different burger every day for the entire month. Today's burger was the wasabi burger, and being a fan of foods with kick, I was thinking about this burger since yesterday. It almost makes me cry to say I was underwhelmed by it. It was a burger with a creamy horseradishy sauce on it, and you got a little wasabi flavor, but it lacked that kick you get from eating wasabi. It also had an Asian salad mixture on the burger as well. Don't get me wrong, it was tasty, but when I think that I paid $11 for that and a side of potato chips, I feel a little slighted. If you eat ten of their burgers over the course of the month you can get a $25 gift card (save your receipts). The burger just wasn't good enough to get me to come back 9 more times this month.  I'll definitely return to Liberty Market again- as I said I do love the restaurant and would recommend it to anyone looking for a place to eat. However I think I'll stick to their breakfasts and other sandwiches. The three stars is for today only- next time I hope to come back here and give them a 5!
5E83rtbNiOHzRhvBXBpaog	LM9d5wQcVqh97g7qpCQ88A	5	0	I've been going to La Canasta for as long as I can recall. I live in Tempe and can't go as often as I'd  like but I go at least once a month. I love this Canasta because they have a green chile salsa and menudo every day! Always quick and fresh. I either get the ground beef tacos (yummy), the red chile burrito (watch out), or the menudo (got a hangover?). It is very consistent and prices, well it adds up, but it is worth it. I have yet to have a bad experience after 28 years!
N4fLnV6utcZyMzPraZbOFg	XWpkTxBLgRXxl7g2Hw62Qg	5	0	It cannot get any better than this my favorite is mix of banana , hazelnut and lemon. It is quality stuff. If you want something better fly to Italy.
bUry2lOH49ZiLa6689F6Qw	IP_1LeKBGA5HYzNQrGqJGQ	5	5	Visited the phoenix public market - open air market - farmers market they have on saturday mornings and decided to give mojo bowl a try! They are at the market for food truck fridays also. Check out their website for their usual schedule. They can take cash or credit (with square).I tried their strawberry banana smoothie and my wife had the Funky Monkey (peanut butter / chocolate blend). They were both great quality with fresh ingrediants. They serve salads, yogurt parfaits, and soup also (which I didn't try) but Ive heard their smoothies was where they shine and they did not dissapoint. Give them a try, at $5.00 for a 24 oz smoothie, you can't really complain about the price - its basically a meal itself.
ICUGOXjzk8KaV54W0exmDw	mhQCxOiqp03qnhGRTtPduw	5	1	This is my dad and I favorite lunch spot. Pho-real! Impeccable service and the freshest food. Their spring rolls ate immaculate, fried rice is pretty close to Peruvian friend rice, and their pho is truly unphoghetable. The servers are friendly, the owner always asks you how the food was. Nestled inside the Mekong plaza market this place will meet all your expectations in delicious Vietnamese cuisine.
o6OaLBaDitDYi0HgIl18Bg	tZXPhvufHhfejGrRp554Lg	2	6	2.5 stars really. I've been holding off on the review because I stunned myself by paying $6.50 for a macaroon. Really? I did that! Ugh. It was tasty but $6.50!?! And, that's not even counting my breakfast: $9 for a wedge of quiche and a salad (that I didn't want - I just wanted a piece of quiche). I don't mind paying for good food (anyone who knows me knows food is pretty much WHAT I spend my money on... ) but I'm having huge buyer's remorse... over my meal! Something's not right with that.
twjAkn8Z7OlAemQfZexVrQ	e9nN4XxjdHj4qtKCOPq_vg	5	1	CASH ONLY!  But we easily feed a family of 4 hungry people for less than $20 and it's not Taco Bell.  So with that being said... the Grilled Pork #5 sandwich... oh hell ya... it's good ringing in at only $2.85.  The regular Turkey / Ham on a crossaint is about $4.25 and it's the size of a small football... great value... you could probalby get by with the small croissant sandwich instead for  only $1.95... yeah... it's crazy cheap.  Hot wings are generic prebreaded with a kick of spiciness.   The steamed bun is sweet dough..however, not my favorite... my husband and sister seem to love the egg and meat inside.  The ice cream is all homemade...also another great deal at $.99 cents for a cone... check out the icecream...looks crazy good.  Don't miss out on taking home some baked goods... the baguettes are crusty-soft and warm when you get them.  The croissants are delicious and some of the better ones here in the valley.  I did try and Avacodo boba...had to send it back...not sure what the heck it was...it was green... but didn't taste anything like Avacado... so I did head across the way to Boba tea house for my bobas.  The Viet coffee, also great kick for you mentally if you need a boost, very strong=very good.  Don't miss out on this place... it's a good go to place for a great lunch or snack.
UYn6Kod4ZluHcuMZRG55jA	j5HLcBru7FEirYJPbKFVWA	4	0	Nice place surrounded by many fast food places. No grease here!  Breads are wonderful, but customer service was just ok.  Great pastries and part of the Belly loyalty program.  Super dog friendly as well with the outdoor seating.
JGefSV5LTpgH2tC4g-jtVQ	6dqDSEMDqTA-wNOdWtshUQ	2	1	I got the banana nutella cupcake and love the banana bread-like cupcake. However, the frosting is way too sweet and overpowers the banana flavor of the cupcake. As many reviewers have already mentioned, the cupcake is also over-priced at $3.75 each for the size and the lack of creativity. With so many desert/snack places in Scottsdale, I am unlikely to come back here.
5LlWXd1r7nnCrSb_RWlU4w	tqDwpyCB53TiEIv915Tuww	3	1	I always just get one thing from Vietnamese places and its their rice dish with grilled pork chop and egg cake. This place does it goooood. You get a reasonable amount for the price and the fish sauce is just right.
9pHuaXzP6gi_TQX0gnHIqg	R1ySBCVS2eQf-s0Z4ifIug	2	1	I've really tried to like the Gilbert House. Been there several times; unfortunately, I've always left underwhelmed. The coffee isn't very good. The dishes are unique, but lack taste. I ordered a spinach and goat cheese quiche last Sunday. The quiche was cool (expected it to be a bit warmer) and only had a hint of spinach. Not what I expected.  Prices are ok, but there are so many good independent restaurants in the area, that there is just no good excuse for bad food
VrYtuGimhq7UqBBmKtkfVw	cN6aBxe2mQvrQlzk26LyRQ	4	1	Five stars, five1st  star Culinary excellence,2nd star Service perfection3rd star Atmosphere and history4th star flawless operation 5th star dessert-1 star, management need not say more.,  Old School Style fine dinning.  This restaurant dates way back to the early days of downtown Phoenix.
W31rbleIX9NdRdkEBdEO_Q	R4zcw0jq-gMgDtPyCjwnew	5	0	The best fish tacos, period!  And I hate chain restaurants!
3mz-4BcEktKFjSTPy_Zn9Q	1zDCfNgtfyh-Uw8j3JxhHA	5	0	This is hands down the best burrito in the East Valley! Fav's is always consistent and their prices are excellent! My standard meal is a California Carne Asada burrito, it comes with the most tender carne asada I've ever had. Also, their green and red sauce is a step above the competition, and they have great mexican rice, it comes with peas and carrots! Guac is exceptional, and they also have really tasty breakfast burritos that are available all day. Five stars for being consistent, clean and for having pleasant and professional employees! One more thing is that they close at midnight except for Sunday when they close at 10. Bummer but still the best!
HubRamXEv3IS3pW7x5oteQ	uEJQSIjWui-TDWXaGlcqyQ	5	1	After a second visit, the chicken was a little dry and lacked flavor. Quite a contrast to my first visit. Still enjoyed the meal, but wasn't as impressed with the chicken. I'll have to go back to see if it was a fluke.
Aq6CcDYwQrFtL5nBJ-wHiw	gUt-pPUpOVVhaCFC8-E4yQ	4	17	Go Go here for happy hour! From 4-7pm you can delight in their half priced apps and specialty cocktails. Their sushi rolls are meh, but their teriyaki ribs are falling off the bone, finger lickin' good! The cocktails seem to be concocted for little Asian girls (which is odd since there are no Asian girls in Scottsdale, especially now that my BFF and I are gone) - fruity with cutesy names like "Hello Kitty," "Harajuku Lover," "Shiso Horny," and "Kinki Kooler" just to name a few. My favorite was the "Turning Japanese" which was like biting into a vodka infused pear.Service at the bar was wonderful - Victoria is the one of the cutest bartenders in Old Town (guys, go pay her a visit). Drinks were flowing and the food came out quickly.In addition to the happy hour and Victoria, make sure you check out their restrooms and private karaoke rooms, complete with "entertainment" poles. If you end up spending a long time on their Toto toilets, people will understand why. Seat warmer and a bidet? You'll want to take your business there on a daily basis.
xh5iJ4WMi3WNGFI2fpawOA	uEJQSIjWui-TDWXaGlcqyQ	4	6	Same great Lolo's fried chicken and waffles without the risk of getting stabbed or shot... and it WAS worth the risk to visit their South Phoenix location on occasion. The food is that good, it might even be the ultimate in comfort food! Lucky for us they have a new Scottsdale location where the most dangerous situation you could encounter might be a hungover Scottsdale "clubber" (who could scratch you with their Ed Hardy bling).The only suggestion I have for them is to drop the prices about 25%
OuY0JQ1vSp5-SCVipZgl7A	Jje3kP5CNasYDSpH0NPRGQ	4	1	Finally, a pizza place that satisfies the individual pizza taste buds of my family! We ordered the Rocky's Philly Steak Pizza along with a cheese pizza and both were delicious! Everyone left happy.
748rZWrS3ZR4xhhvfGJUcg	O-Xa9GCFWI65YiBD5Jw_hA	5	1	In my opinion, one of the best steakhouses in town.  My husband and I go here for all our special occasions and have never had one bad meal.  The service is the best just like their steaks.  I recommend the Caesar salad, fillet, creamed spinach, cream corn, garlic and lobster mashed potatoes.  We will continue our tradition and keep coming back here.
RC6FR0Ov1PWR64a_Hqhzfw	FV0BkoGOd3Yu_eJnXY15ZA	5	0	We have been here many times in the last 10+ years. The Stetson Salad is the best salad I have ever had. The combination of sweet, crunchy, savory and acidic is perfect to me. Lately, I have also tried the Scallops on Beet risotto. The scallops are great, but the risotto just doesn't work, though I love beets and I love risotto.  I have, of course, had the mushroom stir fry, which is very good but very hearty and heavy. Soups have been excellent. The current best desert is that peanut butter brownie. But beware...it is really rich and sweet. I also enjoy the wine flights here. Most recently, I took my 8 and 11 year olds at lunch. Though they were the only kids there, they thoroughly enjoyed the Kobe beef burgers. This is still my favorite place in Old Town.
cnXCw7hxnz1tytLG3y_kTg	8cL7aJVKTYmLguzXEAS3Lw	4	0	First let me start by saying they're beer selection= heaven. The beer list, is not only in order of type (which makes it easy to find a beer you know you like and look Below it to find something similar to try out) but also alphabetical and progressive. The food...DECENT. definitely not the selling point for this place,  but for a place that's selling point IS  a yard of beer...decent.  Service: very attentive, waters & beers always full, bartenders are great at making recommendations for beer (when your being annoyingly indecisive about  which fashion  you plan to get inebriated).Bottom line, if your not  freshly 21 and stoked about drinking a beer out of a yardstick then this place may notice be AS amazing to you, but it certainly does not disappoint when your in the mood for some grub and beer! Food can be pricey, menu is huge and so are the entrees so there's no harm in sharing an entree with a friend...more room for beer!
0GWbPY8bPMehWN73xvuOdg	_FXql6eVhbM923RdCi94SA	4	2	Big fan of Hula's been a bunch of times, but finally was compelled to write a review.  Just came back from a week in Maui, so I was still in "Hawaii-Mode" (which is soooo hard to get out of lol), so I insisted we go to Hula's to get my Hawaii fix.  Mainly....that just means I was dying for a good Mai Tai.If you go here, you MUST order a Mai Tai.  While most of their drinks are pretty good and tropical tasting, the Mai Tai is the best in town (now that Trader Vic's is donzo).  I'm a Mai tai snob, and cringe when most mai tai's here on the mainland are made way way way too sweet and fruity.  The Mai Tai at Hula's could rival some of the best in Hawaii in my opinion.  Mostly rum (white and dark) and just the right amount of sweet mixed with the right amount of tart/sour.  They go down great and they hit you with quite the kick before ya know it, so be careful ;-)!As far as the food...its good, but its not Roy's so don't except anything amazing.  I usually get fish here, just to go with the whole Hawaiian thing.  Most of the times I've had Mahi, it can be dry sometimes, but always tastes good.  Ive had both the wasabi crusted and the macadamia nut crusted, both are decent.  The Luau Pork plate is darn good, but my recommendation is get the Luau Pork sandwich instead.  It goes so much better on bread, than just by itself.  All the appetizers are great to munch on while you're enjoying your Mai Tai...all thats missing is Hawaiian music, and the sun setting over the ocean :)
oY2weReylq-SmJUp3LBAvQ	GrUh2Jo6sL3wllrtZY4zmg	3	1	= = = = = = CLOSED = = = = = =After having enjoyed this nice 3-Star place which we regulars called "Eastern Buffet & Tacky Swapmeet" for over two years, I was sad to come up here today & find them gone.     :-(For a similar place nearby I went to New China Buffet today, & enjoyed it.  They're at 2939 N 24th St.
eSoWi45YPFQYUz8fN6VdpA	jJhNOhuGpIsJX5SEUFFWYQ	1	1	This is my very first review and I can't say I feel bad for what I am about to write. I took everyones review hoping for a really good hotdog and onion rings like the reviews I read (best hot dog ever, amazing hotdog., etc) oh man were we disappointed.  I'd have to say I'd go to cocstco for a hotdog for $1.50 with a drink.
Tx4liSAgZDz9pNTRwXLAEg	z3yFuLVrmH-3RJruPEMYKw	5	0	I love this place! Everything about it! The great food, the grocery section, the cramped seating (it gives character). It all goes together perfectly. Haven't found one bad thing yet:)
NVXB1Hzil7qSe6MpdD8oYg	umdxfhSlk67yGEi8-S-bEg	1	1	35 minutes... No food. You be the judge.
350wZFK1W9Hz1e9b-On3Hg	9dopZKjYiKwPiw7kEQsEag	3	0	Sooo...if they ask you if you want to sit in the 'lounge'...just say no! Trust me... Artichoke brushetta is good but garlicky which I like
mGVU-oYnheibMlBjYOyhvA	7cP7WFmWiTVh-raIL3N_Vw	4	3	Loved the atmosphere most of all.  This is a converted bungalow house that should set an example for downtown revival in the future.   Very respectable selection of beer and wine and a limited menu, but with creative selections.* The house beer, made by Four Peaks, tasted like something made by Four Peaks, which, if you've ever had a beer crafted by Four Peaks, is the sincerest of compliments.*  The "G Red" blended red wine didn't suck.  *  The Ham and Eggs:  Deviled eggs were quite tasty.  The ham was medium-thickly sliced and put on a stick.  Nicely warmed.  How could you possibly f up ham?*  Grilled cheese and tomato soup:  Both quite delicious.* Cheese plate:  Three cheeses with toasted almonds, crackers, dried apricot and apple half.  I've had better cheese.  Not the greatest selections.  Could stand to include a nice blue.An overall pleasant experience, but I agree with Omer K. that the music was distractingly loud.Fortunately, our service was acceptable.  No complaints about it.  Matt even passed through checking on customers a couple times and chatted with us briefly.
sFxTS1_APzl9GCnn0E1LiA	wNUea3IXZWD63bbOQaOH-g	2	2	Never. Again. *hork* I have been to this location a couple of times. My friends LOVE this place, and I really wanted to at least like it. But here I sit typing out my review and fighting the urge to double over the trash can at my desk. I can't remember the last time I felt so sick! A few things about last night's dinner stand out...as negative. But I'll start with the positive, which bumped the review up from 1 star to 2. POSITIVE: Our waitress was very friendly and chipper. NEGATIVE: But alas, it was not enough. We ordered edamame, 4 rolls and a couple of sake bombers...um...but the "shot glass" was too big to fit in the glass...so that no worky. The waitress asked if we wanted everything to come at once or if she should bring them out as they were prepared...we chose the latter... 1) we never got our edamame, 2) it took 30 minutes before the first roll came out (with no wasabi or ginger??), the next 2 rolls took an additional 30 minutes, and the 4th roll was about 5-10 minutes after that... 3) the spicy yellowtail (roll #3) had obviously turned, it smelled like bad fish, which I unfortunately didn't realize until it had already made it's way into my mouth...I felt instantly sick and haven't been right since then, which means I didn't even get to enjoy a taste of the 4th roll because I didn't trust it anymore. POSITIVE: She took the yellowtail off our bill...which seems like it would be a no-brainer, but you never know these days. NEGATIVE: No apology for serving us bad fish, and no acknowledgment from the mgr on duty, which should be standard operating procedure at a restaurant. Also, the acoustics are not conducive to having any sort of conversation. The music was at a decent level, but for some reason, the place is just REALLY loud. And finally, and this is just a matter of personal preference, I'm not a fan of the seating arrangement. It's set up in a way so that you are rubbing elbows with other parties and unable to avoid being all up in their kool-aid... POSITIVE: For the moment, I'm still alive (which feels like a negative right now, but I'm hoping that this current wave of nausea will be the last).
anNiMqPrpbsmxGaKpX3rRA	Zh_y9AmSfWZpR2JB9wye-A	2	4	Hella, hella pretentious and offering food not at a level to back that up, imo~ No complaints, but nothing worth coming back for.Really bland tacos, bland beans with tacos, decent portions, nice martinis/cocktails. Lemon tart was lemony. Mushroom pizza was mushroomy. Pretty stock Safe White Yuppie Food menu aimed at hitting every upper-class food trend on the map right now. Nothing gets people going like making them feel green AND worldly!Good wait staff, hostess was not on the ball so much, it was a Thursday night near closing time and there were toddlers crawling on top of some tables on the patio and other such perils of family dining. Not a place that I will go on my own or drag my husband to. I understand the appeal for some people, bless their hearts, but this place is just too boring to waste calories on.
l-EBLrFAVyESzYqbo5LKBg	eHC_xNrT1SkJyC2oncJlhw	2	3	We went here for the fabulous UYE. As the restaurant is often empty, Julia though it would be good to give them some business...but in the end it was our group that ended up being given the business. The words highway robbery come to mind, but I guess we weren't really on the highway. The prices listed on the menu really didn't seem that out of line, a bit on the pricey side but nothing alarming. Our waitress slyly sold us a kazillion dollars worth of appetizers that were not on the menu. We got 4 plates which consisted of 4 individual sauces with some stuff in them...one had shrimp, one had chicken, one had pork, and one had chihuahua. Oh wait, I think that was the cheese on top. Anyway, the plate with 4 tablespoons of sauce was not worth the $25...oh wait, we got 4 of them. The waitress also managed to slip two orders of guacamole in on us for $11 a piece. As far as the entrees are concerned, the portions were small and the food was kind of meh. The mole was way too sweet for my taste. The biggest bummer of all was NO BOOZE! The $120 worth of appetizers would have gone over much better if they were washed down with some frosty margaritas. A couple of pitchers and they could have slipped us some $100 flan.Regardless of the price and the mediocre food, it was well worth going for the amazing company of the awesome Phoenix Yelpers. I don't think I would go back for the food though.
TsFuefVgomHNrm_sQBJOdg	_ISHH8x8Qe6IoVTQWegbpQ	1	2	This was absolutely horrible. I got the supreme pizza with the mystery meats.  I threw it in the trash. I will wait until I get to my destination to eat. Horrible!!!
hYSsjM3d_IEZTHa2q62iNA	E0DwaRvT_QlMwBU679xSCA	4	12	I'm a sucker for popcorn, so when I saw a "now open" banner along with the "My Popcorn Kitchen" sign today, my car swerved around the parking lot and grabbed a spot right in front.  I swear, it was out of my control!It turns out, today was the first day this adorable little popcorn/candy shop was open... so lucky me, I get FTR (first to review)!Kim Brush, the owner, was front and center, and welcomed me as I walked in.  She also had a team of people working there that I assume were all training.  They were friendly although it was obvious that I was one of the first customers, so it took longer than necessary to package up my small bag of kettle corn.  The customer before me appeared to have been waiting awhile on her large bag of Puppy Chow (which looked pretty amazing).  The kettle corn I ordered was just the right balance of sweet and salty.  I had to dig deep to exercise my self-control and not demolish the entire bag in one sitting!I took a menu to go as well, and now as I look at it, I can't wait to go back to try more of the unique gourmet popcorn flavors.  Not only do they have the basics (Buttery and Low Salt), but they have all kinds of savory flavors including several different cheeses, Dill Pickle, Salt & Vinegar, and Southwest Jalapeno.  If you're more of a Caramel person, they've got you covered as well, and of course there are a rainbow of Fruity Delights and Decadent Chocolate flavors too!  Popcorn Bags come in all sizes from Mini to Party and range in price from $1 to $149.95.  You can also order tins, boxes, and/or pots of popcorn and this place ships anywhere in the U.S.A.Congrats on your Grand Opening, My Popcorn Kitchen.  Let the popcorn parties begin!
soA1xb5ug18f0Mb_sDwaVQ	UL3OMN_c-NXHlyb97pDifA	4	0	This was another stop on our pub crawl and I only had one drink here so I don't have too much to go by for rating, but they had a nice selection and the cider realler hit the spot.  They had a nice big patio outside that accomodated a ton of us and when the birthday boy was ready to leave, the waitress tallied everything up nice and quick.
hyjUG1baYa-q25xsoLedqA	OEWW22gUG_JADQ3h4ajXtg	5	0	Have alread posted a review but had to add that a friend at work ordered vegan chocolate cupcakes for my birthday and they were sooooooo delicious!! All my nonvegan coworkers LOVED them.
WRBYytJAaJI1BTQG5VI8oQ	AqbgC7Gul5Es1rRzGNLDFA	1	20	Yeah...notsomuch.Sprinkles is sooooooooo not worth the wait . Or the chaos. Or the hype. Or the attitude from the morons who work there. Other things that are terrible about Sprinkles include...- The cupcakes are not that great. I ordered two. The vanilla was okay, the cinnamon was dry and chalky and I really disliked it.- This place is a disorganized mess. - There is no rhyme or reason to any of the ordering process. My friends and I were carefully watching the ordering process and we actually think they decided to choose the dumbest and most irrational methods to take orders and dispense cupcakes. Just stupid.- The owners must have purposely only hired people who cannot think for themselves or make decisions. No sane person could possibly work here without being like "um...there might be a better way to do this..."- Also, the employees were rude. Did I mention dumb?So get this: I attempted to order a bottle of water. I told the clerk it's 100+ degrees outside, I walked there and I'm realllllllly thirsty. The idiot at the counter told me "You can order a water here but you must wait for your name to be called to receive the water and pay for it." I pointed out that the water was RIGHT THERE and there wasn't anyone currently paying or using the register. Couldn't she just sell me a water? She said "NO" and proceeded to WRITE DOWN MY ORDER (just the word "water") on a cupcake order slip. She then told me to stand there and wait for my name to be called so she could HAND ME THE WATER and then ring me up.I was all sorts of thirsty and all sorts of moody that day so I got really ghetto on her ass and was all like OH HELLLLLL-TO-THE-NO!" I said "It's quite simple. Just hand me the water and I will hand you money. End of discussion." (There are the actual words out of the mouth!)She looked really mad and also possibly terrified of me and my 5'4" 110 lbs of fury. Thankfully she handed me my water so I did not have to stab her. Which was good because I was waaaaaaaaay too thirsty to stab anyone. I must be properly hydrated in order to commit crimes of passion. And I'm mad crazy passionate about my cupcakes, yo.
-fX_t5IE1Ca_FqePEiNy7A	BFZHdg2TRrgw56CyqkSryA	4	1	Lunch review:  Great quick lunch options. I'm a big fan of the lunch salads.  They are very filling (paired with the free chips and salsa!!)  My favorite is the Chipotle Chicken Salad (Mixed lettuce, black beans, roasted corn, cheese mix, pico de gallo topped with grilled chicken)-- it's only $6.99.  The spunky chipotle dressing is delish.  There are also several lunch-sized versions of dinner plates available for diners looking for a heartier meal.  The service is always friendly and were are able to get in and out in less than an hour, which is very convenient during a busy work day.
bn2OLRVHRlquGcSp_9KNIQ	-9pVS__IliMA2aNEYzrQrg	3	2	came out last night with a few friends. The bar was cool, but I'm really not a fan of the crowd in Old Town. The drink prices were not bad, but it was a blast dancing outside. Overall a pretty cool spot.
mMpcnn605-joiWZvMPlo9g	FUI-hWH_bpis7AKZTWenUQ	4	1	Sit at the bar, order tacos and sangria. you will not be disappointed.**you might be disappointed if you do not like techno music and a wide variety of alternative relationships being showcased around you. If you like to eat/drink and have a little social interaction and have an open mind, then this place is for you.
1i6z7SFTabmLRT_WAtUHbA	fjHUnUP1Lt-YAbeWUx2LrQ	2	1	Not the WORST place, but nowhere NEAR the best place, I've ever been.Went in, back in January, for a dinner around 9:30, on a rainy night with my beau. It took 15 minutes for our waitress to stop, acknowledge our existence, and take our drink order. By that time, we had decided our food order, and gave her that, too. Another 10 minutes later, we received our beverages. another 25 minutes later, we received our order, and my chili cheese fries were decidedly bland, while his hamburger was worse than McDonalds. Minus that his regular fries were actually good.I'm pretty sure that will be my only experience at SPS's. The decorations were pretty awesome though.
jkwsq63XsDOIx-lOHx-rHg	SMpL3z4FLF07bRA6-y22JQ	5	5	Did you know that Malee's on Main offers cooking classes!?  They offer them twice a month during tourist season and once per month during the rest of the year.  I attended two weeks ago, and it was OUTSTANDING!  Not only did we learn to cook Thai (which, incidentally, it was significant to learn that Thai gets its flavor by layering is sauces), but we were given the recipes for some of the signature dishes, served tastings, a meal, and wine pairings, and we were even given goody bags.  It was a great way to spend a Saturday afternoon with another foodie!
RxVtyynTn5_MrxKFZkvTaw	SMpL3z4FLF07bRA6-y22JQ	4	3	This review is for the cooking class...I was told about this class by my favorite Thai joint in Chandler. My mom and I went not really knowing what to expect.The class is held on a Staurday. When Chris called to confirm our reservation he made sure to let us know that a cab my be needed to take us home...sounds good to me.The classroom is small seating about 20 people at the most. There were mimosas waiting for us. The class started with introductions to the variuos Thai cooking ingredients. I found this information so interesting. How do you know which fish sauce to buy, what the different pastes smell and taste like, how to grow your own Lemongrass and so much more. We started by making Siamese Kisses. It was all hands on and really fun. The next was a fresh red curry paste. Then we compared the fresh to the store bought brand. What a difference!The Arizona Heatwave was next. So Delish. The final dish was Asian Pumpkin Custard.We tasted everything along the way and then they served us HUGE portions of the items for lunch with a Champange paring.The Chamange paring was also very informative and the pours were never ending. He was right about having a DD lined up...The staff really cares about the food they produce and will make any dietary adjustments you may need.I really had a great time.
PNHcsA9aGOjDQkT_lSSbmw	LxNehlnStQY_rxEwiPof_g	5	1	Even though I've rarely had anything else on their menu except for hummus, I highly recommend this little greek hot spot. They have tons of regulars because the food keeps them coming back. The hummus is to die for (it only comes with one pita however, so I always order 2-3 extra). I have also tried their veggie gyro which is great. I have brought many meat-loving friends here and I've never heard anything but great things about their experience with their food. The staff is completely Greek. They are friendly in their own unique kind of way. Because I usually saunter in with a drink from Starbucks (same parking lot), the female owner assumes I work there and she always asks me how business is going at SB. I corrected her the first few times, but she continued to ask, so now I just keep it going and tell her it's going great but that I hate my job (because I'm assuming I would, if I worked there). I love her personality...very intense. Never smiles, even when a smile would be just right. But she is still very kind. Always look forward to seeing her and eating her food.
REryGbDQ8raf84FpUCo7SA	kfscAJnLVf6J2uEte7g-5A	5	2	I came here hoping to catch brunch but I guess it ends at 11:30am or 12pm. Luckily the lunch menu looked just as tasty. We ordered the Luau pulled pork sandwich (the jalapeno cole slaw gives it a nice kick) and the Monte Cristo (french toast instead of regular bread slices = delicious). Service was friendly and attentive. The dining area is decorated like a household- very comfortable and clean.
30k1pU5P4EJYhIRxookf-w	Y-NqaDy_1bb-Y5dQ33x-Pw	2	0	First of all, the hours, this place keeps the most absurd hours for a restaurant serving 50,000+ students and faculty.  I cannot tell you how many times I've walked over to get a sandwich and Sacks has been closed.  They open sometime in the morning and close at about 2 or 3 in the afternoon, I can't report definitively what the hours are because they do not list them on Sacks' website, apparently they are trying to keep it a secret.  I understand a sandwich shop in downtown Phoenix keeping these hours, but here is an update for the owners of Sacks: ASU students and faculty do not keep bank hours.The quality of the food is substandard but the sandwiches are priced reasonably.
GrF1BYTZl2mYjT0SjQNCyw	lVkDZZ8sTafPlq7f1i5row	5	1	Okay, if you actually like the taste of good whole foods and fresh ingredients this place is an Oasis of goodness. If your looking for a place that says they make natural foods but uses 2nd rate ingredients and comes up with recipes to hide the fact by using spices to cover it up your better off going somewhere else.My family took me here when we were visiting, and it is wonderful. I had the Pesto Presto sandwich and it was divine! I also tried my family's strawberry fields salad and Arizona rolls. They were all really good. The vegetables were fresh and high quality and the price for the portion and quality was a good price.I was amazed that they had a couple of options for people on the raw foods diet. The juices are different, but surprisingly refreshing.This place is a great example that eating well and health can be tasty and satisfying.
eRm_2IWGdWO8BgkAF1N78w	niPFXq4r2mc0zFlOpWV3Eg	2	2	Years ago, and I do mean years ago, their Mill Avenue location in Tempe, was outstanding.As they expanded, the food along with the total expierence has gone DOWNHILL, big time.Why has this happened ... they're doing franchising.  I'm suggesting a name change:"My Big Fat Greek Disappoinment"
ghR3ui-7gHOk-Cq1BKNVWw	q-qjZDKcBdDRuIUxj7b97g	3	0	The experience we had was just fine.  Food, service and wine list were all good - salad bar was good too.  I am not sure if I'd go out of my way to go back though.  There are a lot of trendy and fun places to dine in the Scottsdale area and this one seems to be like the "Grandfather of Scottsdale Dining" - older and almost antiquated.
QNX3-6wuBmVEggl7w084dg	QxEUzbLfCTXF6gHWJegWgw	1	0	I (like others) am at a loss as to why this place has such a good overall review. tasteless and awful
gjWVccNw6kB2UycZAEzyQg	SMpL3z4FLF07bRA6-y22JQ	4	1	I hate to find out that there was another location closer to where I was.  It doesn't matter because it was worth the trip.  I ordered pick up because I was by myself and wanted to a bit of exploring.  The place has a nice casual ambiance.  They also have an outdoor seating area.  I ordered the pad thai that comes with chicken and shrimp as a standard.  Since it was lunch time, it was part of the lunch menu that came with a choice of soup or salad.  I chose the soup, but was too stuffed to have it because I jumped right into the pad thai.  I ordered it medium spicy, and it was pretty spicy.  I can't imagine what hot would have tasted like.  Actually, I'm more curious of what it would have tasted like in a mild flavor.  The noodles were slightly overcooked, but still flavorful.  I also had the Thai Iced Tea here, and it was perfect for the weather and a great combination with the tangy pad thai flavor.  The prices are expensive compared to Chicago, but I hear it's typical for Phoenix/Scottsdale area.  My lunch speciai and drink costed me a little over $15.  I guess if you are craving it that bad like I was, you'll pay the price...
oaZpNjMgTYOaiAJ1I17zyQ	duHUQFn7K-Ybs1rPI4AOEQ	4	2	Attention margarita lovers- you MUST order the Chambord Margarita. Delicious (and dangerous) and oh so tasty!The restaurant is always busy because it is at Fashion Square but the service is always prompt. The patio/bar area upstairs is open seating so you can usually snag a table up there even during busy times.The cornbread they bring to your table is really yummy but sometimes you have to ask for it to make sure that they bring you some.I have had a large variety of of things on the menu and never been disappointed. The seasonal menus they offer are great as well and i definitely recommend branching out and ordering off of that menu every once in a while.Definitely our "go to" place for drinks and dinner.
zy43GWc0gjbsUsGRwsPZzA	uS2T2BMt7_EE7mhM3m3I7w	4	0	One of the best sports bars in the valley. Ton's of screens (although some of the big screen projectors could be updated). Nice big drafts and the food is always tasty. Try the teriyaki chicken sandwich with fries it's awesome. Upstairs they have shuffleboard and pool tables. Golden tee 2009 downstairs with another pool table. If you like loud sports bars where the patrons get into the game this is the spot to go. Plenty of fun to be had. People say too many kids but I guess I go later on at night and never have seen a problem with little kids.?. The service is on and off here, sometimes it's been great sometimes it's been useless.
DBsqh6uvt5VvWSCGlWZpsw	KVq-1WEJNKK2NqFC7nUoRg	3	2	If you happen to get lost and wander by the gun show at the Coliseum, be sure to stop here. A little whole in the wall of a former Wendy's, this place rocks the steak taco world.My favorite is the "jaz". Carne asada + cheese + peppers/onions = yum!!!The barbacoa and chicken tacos are tasty, but I wouldn't say they'd knock you off your feet. Definitely go carne asada and defintely try this place.
2EVZlVaf6LxUKWgF6SNLGA	Sodko0hlMg7F5doNJGKcWQ	4	1	I'm just glad that they brought back the Strawberry "fields" salad.  Yummo!  Fresh greens, goat cheese, fresh strawberries, bell peppers, onions, glazed pecans, chicken and this amazing viniagrette dressing! Wowwy Mowwy!  Oh, and it comes with a crusty buttery cheesy bread.  I have had a few run ins with bad waiter service, but the manager was always quick to come by our table to ask if anything else was needed.  As long as I get what I ordered and I dont have to poke around their tables to make "eye contact" with my server I'm ok.  They know they will get a mideocre tip if their service is so-so.  It's on them.  My mother got a red velvet cupcake on the house for her birthday! That was nice.
-ElU8lXSX9Yz001EK2lG_Q	LRuIY8JFqadCSYLo242MGg	3	1	3/5the sandwiches are huge. i'm not to bent on the whole freedom fries this and such on the menu, but it is AZ so i guess that is how it runs.
tvp0cGaYy1n-u6OVnTJyLQ	kUvJiI7teJ--m5i1ReG58w	5	0	Total wine totally takes a crap on Bev Mo. This store has everything! The employees are also very knowledgeable. The other day we went in and my husband insisted I try red wine instead of sticking to my usual Riesling (I don't like change). So we asked one of the employees and he asked me a few questions then suggested a bottle of Malbec. The Malbec tasted amazing! I was so happy. For those of you who don't know, it's not only wine! You can find everything else. Total wine has helped us stock our bar and entertain our guests. Also, don't forget to chill your bottles before you leave!
BBSQvT-lBFuiTBc80XummA	GjvIDOEhdQB1oPrFeSpxBw	5	0	Try the Moroccan Chicken on the low calorie menu.  I was really surprised at how great it is.
Q37beQah9GJQNRXLfTecCQ	3l72FflaaeI0tWEAWN3-gQ	5	2	Wow.Been there 2 times.  I wanted to revisit to see if it was a fluke, and to my pleasant surprise - it wasn't.  I'm from NW Indiana originally.  I know corn.  Indiana sweet corn cannot be beat - well - until I had the corn from America's Taco Shop.  This corn has cotija cheese, hot sauce, mayo, and I swear crack.  There has to be crack in there... I have viscous dreams about that corn and wake up in a cold sweat.  I need that corn... it's just so good.  I don't eat beef and that's the only meat they serve but that won't stop me.  Their vampiro's minus the carne asada, bean and cheese burritos, chips and salsa, quesadilla are all awesome.  They also have delicious horchata.... but that corn.... I know where I'm going tonight.
MRnetROe0f_zjMvjlL-fQA	peA3F-PnIfijYr8HuG-A-Q	4	1	Good things about the Merc Bar:  It's dark inside and the decor makes it feel kinda swanky.  The service is very friendly.  They have lots of comfy chairs and couches for anyone to sit down.  The location is good - in the Esplanade, right across from the Biltmore,  where there's lots of restaurants you might be eating at (and includes free parking in the garage if you validate!) and it's kinda hidden, so you feel cool going there.  They have a great drink menu with a wide selection.Minus one star because the drinks are a little on the pricey side.I know there have been some negative reviews about the old age of the regular patrons, but honestly, when I've been there, it's been a good mix of 20-somethings to 40-somethings.  If you're in the Biltmore area, Merc Bar is definitely a place worth checking out as a start to the night or for a date.
m2DZbEyRue24jfUrk1l6vw	YUV08PQk7Vk96r9Q0b3XAw	3	1	No way around it: this place is overpriced. From the menu prices to the plate-splitting charges to the extra ingredients to the sides. Food itself it good not great.Blue Burger confirmed to me that they use specials and happy hours when they first open to generate traffic, but take them away once they hit the critical mass they want. So don't get to hooked on anything you like about these places.
FUQ-lJndG7xgxLrEFX-u-g	3H2ttTM2aSIaZ6FTjHwDQQ	5	0	Expect no com TAM-foolery here....this joint is serious about their broken rice business! Endless options of different broken rice (aka com tam= deliciousness)  dishes which typically include shredded pork and whatever type of meat flavors your fancy, all within your $6-10 wallet budget! Service is prompt and efficient, menu is ez to follow, focus your energy on the broken rice dishes; thats what theyre known for. I highly recommend the shredded pork + pork chop + steamed egg combo that comes with a light pork broth on the side. The portion is HUGE and each component of the dish is so flavorful and unique, bringing together a fantastic symphony for your palate. My personal favorite is the steamed egg; there's just something about the soft and moist texture that compliments the broken rice. Go easy on the fish sauce (ngoc mam) they give you on the side (try adding Sriracha to the sauce to add some spice in your life), the dish is by far no means lacking in flavor/sodium. All at a pansy $5.99, I could really eat this all day...everyday!
-gldZntaKQdMeSIqQQJZBg	u-nMW__EKMYH_PVqacYc3Q	4	0	I dabble in vegetarianism/veganism here and there, and this place is awesome.  This is a great restaurant for people who are not vegans/vegetarians and want to try it, or think vegan food is "weird" (in the words of a friend).  Everything here is flavored so well, and the dishes are delicious. I love all the apps, and have tried several of the entrees and thought they were all pretty good. They also have a fabulous selection of creative drinks. I hope this place sticks around for a long time, since it never seems to be busy when I go. The staff is very open and friendly and knowledgeable about the food, so never hesitate to ask if you're unsure about something!
-AIz2AvqHlnSNyD8O6cIVA	mQ6_slsCd8-c8WFNtESnqw	2	2	Uhhh...These are supposed to be carne fries? ASU boys think that these are the best carne fries. Me thinks not. The carne fries consist of boiled meat AND the order is wrong. It's supposed to have the guacamole on top of the sour cream on top of the melted cheese over the meat, but they just dumped the boiled carne asada on top of the sour cream. I told some ASU boy about this, but he said that I probably had a different person making my carne fries  the wrong way. What a disappointment, but I ate everything anyway because I'm fat like that. hahha
yHwQM9UtZ4lkMMEeS6ak8Q	yOYFhiTjT-SM4spKtDk92w	4	1	Had a very delightful meal here the other day.I benchmark all Chinese restaurants by their potstickers.  These were delicious and not deep fried.  They were more toasted than anything.The mongolian beef was delicious.  Good quality, nice spicy flavor.
J1q-zeAespG5YRRSxalSfQ	AqbgC7Gul5Es1rRzGNLDFA	3	8	Somehow while attempting to write an update to my original incredibly witty Sprinkles review, I edited the original review in error, resulting in the loss of my original incredibly witty review, worthy of many UFC's.  Now my 18 fans are stuck with my incredibly less witty new review.Believe it or not, I actually had not been to Sprinkles in well over a year.  Unbelievable, I know, considering I live close by.  Maybe that says something.  Something along the lines of I'm not really anxious to pay more for a single cupcake than it costs me to make a dozen or two at home.  But what do you do when it's August and the thought of adding any more heat to the kitchen just won't do, and yet you really need a cupcake?  Well, you go stand in a line 12 deep to pay $14 for 4 cupcakes.I've been to Sprinkles maybe 4 times now, and they've been pretty consistent.  I do like their frosting, but I find the cake to be somewhat dry and flavorless IMO.  And I'm always surprised by the line here.  Are people that much in love with Sprinkles, or is it that most of the population is not able to read the directions on a Betty Crocker box?  I'm not saying Sprinkles is bad.  It certainly has its place in my life for a cupcake fix, particularly when I know if I make 12, I'll eat 12.  But I wouldn't go so far as to say I'm a fan.  Unless they lower their price to $1, then I'll be their biggest fan.
COXIY5Om_HoDABhaZ-30UA	AqbgC7Gul5Es1rRzGNLDFA	3	5	I'm not a woman and I don't read People magazines at the gym so I'm not sure I'm really the qualified demo for this place. Nonetheless, in spite of all the hype and hyperbole, it's a good cupcake.  When the Olive Oil Vanilla Cupcakes from the Olive Oil mill are too far away, this becomes the cupcake backup.  Especially the vanilla.I'd give this place a better review but I don't because I consider the cupcake to be the "Rodney Dangerfield" of desserts.  Too many far better post meal options come to mind before I'd waste my valuable calorie allotment on a cupcake.
JiWZ9SA-Z67pgWOs3P4mpg	vaqmESluryt5i4Wbkb6KRA	1	1	When I was in highschool various clubs used to sell Karsh's bagels around campus to raise money. I would buy a bagel and cream cheese and hide it in my backpack to munch on during class. Soooo good! I was feeling nostalgic one day and decided to pop in for a bagel and cream cheese. The guy behind the counter was nice enough, I told him my order which came to $2.95 or something just barely under $3.  I had failed to notice the sign which said they do not accept credit cards for purchases under $3. I apologized and said I didn't have any cash and offered to run the the ATM.  The guy behind the counter very nicely asked other lady behind the counter  (the owner? manager on duty maybe?) if she would let me use my card. She looked right at me all stink-eyed and said "No" and returned to what she was doing. No apology, no "I'm sorry but there is an ATM at so and so...." Very curt. Thanks a lot personality plus! I will not be returning and I hope you choke on a matzo ball. Shame too, I loved those bagels.
fWZirQBj1A_30Y2Jp9fJVw	CSoURupWEyuyzkjMOExKPg	3	2	This would actually be another 2.5 Star experience but I went ahead and rounded it up to 3 stars since I am in a good mood.  We came here after going to Chelsea's Kitchen down the street which was super packed for the night.  I easily get annoyed with complementary valet parking because I hardly ever carry cash and feel weird if I do not tip the valet boys and girls but I digress....The concept and look of this place is really fun and different.  I felt like I was in a modern barn.  We walked in and put our name on the list and was surprised that it is all done by an i-Pad and you receive a text message when your table is ready.  Good thing the bf and I remembered our phones or else we would have been out of luck.  The wait wasn't horrible.  We went to the bar and got a couple of glasses of wine, the bartenders didn't seem really in a hurry to help us which got me a little annoyed.We were seated in a cozy, and I mean cozy 2 top table right in a main traffic way.  My bf and I are not big people and felt uncomfortable in the size of the table.  I know you want to pack a lot of tables in a small space but at the expense of the customer?  Our waiter was friendly enough but not as friendly as he was to the group of women that was seated next to us.... nothing like treating all your tables equal huh?We ordered an appetizer, the zucca chips, which had a decent flavor but were a little burnt.  We ordered out main dishes which were a chicken dish and their version of spaghetti and meatballs.  The wait for the food wasn't bad either but I hate when you as the customer have to ask for a wine list because your wine was empty for 10 minutes but the waiter didn't ask if you wanted anything else because he was focused on the table of 5 women next to us sharing an appetizer.  I had the pasta and meatballs, which was me'h.  The pasta was a little mushy and the meatballs really didnt have much flavor.  My bf had the chicken dish with spinach which he loved!  All in all the experience wasn't bad but wasn't good.  Maybe they are still working out their kinks but this place probably won't be high on my list to return any time soon!
f1nRsYO1mmqg4NgB1unshg	IuAPYzf3NSyfyXYgT46YVA	5	0	Love, love, love! Service is always fabulous and every dish has been perfect. The local cheese plate and AZ wine selections are amazing. I think between the 5 of us we have had everything on the menu, and it was all delicious. This is my fave place in the country right now. Can't wait to go back over the holidays!
GG4crhXGZFSwSzpA52rt9w	I20sRbcEK8Ib1YFQFMoERg	5	0	This place pushes out some delicious food, Red chile burro with rice and beans is better than any I've had, and their Nachos are soooo freaking cheesey and good you'll want to order both for one sitting. Unfortunately only outside seating but cool art work on the building to enjoy while eating and don't be discouraged by there greedy practice of charging for extra hot sauce. But of all things to remember make sure you bring cash the place can't afford a card processing machine which is a good thing other wise I'd be there too often and a fat face looks weird on me
CYXxynHL7F7kIdcQzWSxkQ	qyqOfpsAC5ooVROm7fB0jQ	4	3	If you love pickles you'll love Old Town whiskey. We've been here twice so far, and both times, we've been very pleased.  So far, I've only tried their pickled beets and pickled cherry tomatoes, but both were absolutely fantastic.  The Cherry Tomatoes were so sweet and sour, they paired perfectly with the ricotta, olive tapenade and Crustini they were served with.  This place is a gold mine if you're a whiskey drinker, my hottie loves some good whiskey and was really impressed with their selection... not to mention he said the burger was probably the best he'd had.  I can't wait to get a taste of their Veggie burger, but I haven't gone hungry enough yet... Next time for sure!  We went for Happy Hour this past Friday, and they had a lovely Agave Fizz cocktail on special, very refreshing.  Their Happy hour is progressive, meaning that everything is $5 from 5-6, $6 from 6-7, and it runs every day.
OjUCE0pCYjxgm8MkuLASjQ	RUZvUPOn90ScX60eETwcCw	4	5	It's brand new so it doesn't smell fishy yet.   It will soon just like all other Asian markets.Looks like they will have another place to eat inside but it's still under construction from what I can tell.They have Durian, I really want to try one because they are supposed to be so gross and stink to high heaven.Banana blossoms?  How would I cook those things.Food is divided into "Regions" so if you want Japanese noodles you go to one isle, Korean noodles in another isle etc.  It's a bit confusing but fun to look at all the different stuff.
oYwffOl6EfzAqzCf6d_B2A	nFo_63pTr-4ZhakuaRFOCA	4	1	This restaurant = a great experience. Everything about this place is fabulous. The server was extremely attentive, the food was fresh and delicious, and the intimate yet casual ambiance is to die for.ENTREEFor starters, they do put a rather unique spin on the typical 'chips and salsa' that's brought out to you in the beginning of most Spanish restaurants. They bake corn tortillas until their crisp and serve that with an interesting array of dips: black bean, salsa, and a tray of salt, limes, and hot sauce to stir in.I ordered a simple entree of carne asada tacos and black beans; my meal was yummy and filling, and I even had leftovers. Beware of spicy when choosing your dish, however. My coworker kept complaining about how hot her meal was (beer battered fish burrito). I don't know if she has sensitive taste buds, or if it was really spicy.. so proceed with caution.DESSERTThey have a wide variety of entrees, but unfortunately only have 3 sweet options. I'm a BIG dessert person, so it was a little disappointing but what the heck. I ordered the flan and it was scrumptious, incredible, delectable, etc.. all that good stuff. My coworker who complained about the spiciness called our dessert 'sexy'. So I guess sexy is the best way to describe it's caramel drizzle and chocolate bark yumminess.AMBIANCE/SERVICEThe waiter was incredibly attentive and friendly. He answered all questions we had, and gave speedy and praiseworthy service. The manager even came up to our table and made conversation; that, to me, is always a plus. The background music helped add to the overall appeal to the restaurant. I would definitely go back to SOL. Maybe tomorrow..
qdmWiBaolhOnibLQh5W_Gg	6oRAC4uyJCsJl1X0WZpVSA	5	0	My husband and I have been going here for a few years now. It is one of our favorite places. Really low key, affordable, amazing food! Between the 2 of us our bill is never more than $10 and we are always stuffed! I love how casual it is and the humus cannot be beat!
forp4jF8zgMhcR9Zd6X1TQ	eGevCRobYnA_HSj60sEWvQ	5	0	I love pita Jungle! Everytime I am in town, I make it a point to get here. The food is fresh and healthy(ish). There ice tea comes in a variety of wonderful flavors and is so delicious. I would recommend you eat here, especially if you like yummy food with a medditeranean flare.
Lp9eZPwIOq5SJw--9Ee0Hw	gZ3GVh4aER2q6_UdA6fTKw	4	1	I've been hearing good things about this coffee house in Cave Creek so when a friend suggested we meet there I was all for it. Easy to see furniture store Big Bronco and Janey's is behind it. Very good coffee and I'll come back to try the food.  Comfortable place to just hang out.
vus5QnNLxuB7mqG6iqBFqg	TqHTtjPANCBKGsjGBjDoQQ	4	12	My daughter and I sort of stumbled on this place a couple of weeks ago.  We were at the Ulta just around the corner and she said she was hungry and she LOVES pizza.  We have been here twice as of this writing.  The second time around was "Kids Eat Free" night.  That is Wednesay for those of you with kids and it's a good deal.  I will eventually put together a list of Kids Eat Free places in the area.  For now let me tell you about NYPD.....The pizza is a winner!  Nice crust, great topppings!  They use paper thin slices of sausage instead of hunks of sausage.  The flavore is great too.  My daughter had a slice of black olive pizza and they were very generous with the olives....she loved it!  I have had the ceaser and the house salads and both were good and fresh.  So for the Kids Eat Free night adults need to order an entree (I think this includes a whole pizza too, not sure though) There were several things to choose from including cheese ravioli, baked ziti, and  lasagne.  I chose the lasagne and it was delish!  Piping hot with melted mozeralla over the top, I could not stop eating it!!  The flavors melded together nicely and it reminded me of my Mom's lasagne.  And did I mention the bread......OMG!!  The little ibites of heaven are sooooo good!!  I could have eaten ten of them!!  They are homemade, the real deal, yeasty goodness!!  Warm and just a little chewy, the flavor was amazing!!  Oh and the Desert Flower Ice Tea.....so refreshing!!!  I keep thinking about it, that's how good it is!!Try the canollis.....you won't be disappointned.  Kids get an ice cream sundae with their meal.  On our first visit Lori, our server, was a real sweetheart.  She gave me some coupons and signed me up for the email list.  And on our next visit , Jessica was awesome and attentive too!This is a small place but they also have an outdoor patio with misters.  The bar is tiny, probably seats 10.  Flat screen for watching the D'backs and some good beers on tap, along with Happy Hour specials makes this a great place!!  This will be somewhere we will frequent!!  Thanks NYPD!!!
Pj5H3WucndmksGmc2Nwbqg	kfveMaYeaqGVNHPitT4O9w	4	4	Another wonderful little counter joint.  It's extremely basic, no frills, and cheap.  The baklava isn't fabulous, but everything else is worthy of a special trip.  Once again, the chicken shawarma draws me in, though I'll occasionally force myself into breaking out of that far too predictable mold (for falafel since I truly am stuck in a rut).  The hummus is great.  As mentioned, the salads mainly consist of iceburg lettuce, but they are not stingy with the feta and the dressing is amazing.There is night, semi-scrubby outdoor seating and the drinks are bottled or canned.  Last year I went with a group of friends for Valentine's Day and there was a musician who was slightly too loud for the environment.  When something special is going on, the owner comes around and checks with the patrons to verify quality and whether or not the activity is enjoyable.  This is always a nice classy touch for a little dive.It's a rarer occasion that I find my way down there.  Let's be honest: I only go that direction for SMoCA, the Venue of Scottsdale, and EZ Tattoo.  It's not generally "my scene" and it's definitely out of my way.  Any time I find myself doing something in downtown Scottsdale, however, dinner at Pita House prior to the main event is an absolute must.
36LZ2UOhAwa8p-nyQgbN5Q	ut-kla-EA23nJOij_dcL0Q	3	3	If you have been to one CPK, you have more or less been to all of them. I went through a stretch when I really liked it here and I still don't mind it, I guess I just don't get excited about it anymore. The BBQ Chicken pizza is my go-to but the Thai variations are tasty, as well. The appetizers are ok, the service is ok, but it all just seems a little played out to me. I am waiting for CPK to make some moves, shake things up, add something interesting to the menu, because I feel like nothing has changed there since 1992. I'll still drop in from time to time, but I won't be as excited about it as I used to be.
3X3r3YglV-zmp9hKV3KFkQ	4waggbCK-MSE9dbIdSMfPA	3	0	I would give this place 3.5 stars.  The service was excellent and the view of Pheonix at sunset was nice.  I ate the wedge salad (nothing special) and the chorizo mac and cheese (yummy).  The highlight for me was the pudding trio, the honey date flan was delicious but the portion was small...which led me to savor every bite.  The other people in my party were satisfied with their food and there were no complaints.
wFQkyr7hXMHV1RbN4olXYA	FY_OXEVcewAQFZuu6fynLA	5	0	Took us a while to find a good Greek restaurant. We have been here many times and have yet to have a bad meal.Gyro combo this trip. Meat was very flavorful and great texture. Tzatziki sauce is one of the best I've tasted.
dHD67wPzULlH3LIh66mwAg	5VMajxduxfLPSyQkVFKESg	5	0	Best BBQ ever.  Go here and thank me later.
cFQ37IRUM5OXjzUUFJEqIw	qjmCVYkwP-HDa35jwYucbQ	4	1	The food here is amazing! So full of flavor, not fat. Healthy, and delicious!  Prices in the 10 range for a salad, and 20 range for an entree'.  The resturant is very loud, because they are always busy. The chairs are too small for my hips, making it uncomfortable to stay very long.  Oh well. I suppose they expect, if you eat here, you must be a size 6.
dQrlUUrCdc9heo4bUrFVcA	d3MxUXS1b6U2P_gGuCO1-A	2	0	I had very high hopes for this place, after the very good reviews Fate got and that Sens has been getting, but I was terribly disappointed. The mango papaya spring rolls were dominated by the flavor of anise/licorice. The shu mai dumplings were so hard, even hard-core Italians would have said they were too al dente. The black dragon chicken was good, but not great. After we left, we noticed the dinner menu was much more extensive, especially without the tapas. Maybe dinner here is a much better experience, but I'm not sure I'd even be willing to give it a try after the lunch I had here. As for the atmosphere and decor - don't even get me started. Talk about trying too hard to be hip. The Vegas-y blue lighting in the bar area, the Northwest coffehouse style old-looking couch in the back, the Asian influence...I'm not a proponent of "matchy-matchy" decor, but this was all over the place. Service was just okay, too. I won't be back any time soon.
3sjhgrdp_kF-D-eAyZiQaA	Exx5ffvnmk4MrTyCkPRuug	4	0	I was surprised to see that this place has such low ratings on yelp- it is one of my favorite Mexican places in the valley.  Favorite dishes include: mini beef tacos, Tapopo Salad (iceberg lettuce, cheddar cheese, chicken, peas, corn, beans, tomatoes and large amount of quacamole under it all), fresh salsa, and Tacos Al Carbon. All freshly prepared and wonderful tasting.If you have kids, ask to sit in the blue room by the fish tank - the decor is fun and mysterious and will keep young children distracted thru the entire meal.
FSu-Gq7XZ9gQvGRmDKODog	9x0rvR9SSX5mO1vUqx_hnQ	3	0	This place is consistant with it's good Chinese food. The staff is courteous the place is clean. Want Chinese take out in Tolleson come here. =0)
g_1V2aRQLfu710YdiSVs0g	RT06SJHkloqMvNn1aXdpBw	5	0	I am sad that Lucky's is so far from where we live.  I worked near Lucky's last year and just happened to walk in for lunch.  My lunch was so good I took a huge meat lovers pie home, which was so good my husband proposed all over again!The employees were so friendly and explained that their pizza might take a little longer than normal, but they want to make sure it's right.  I loved everything about my visit there, and was able to stop in a couple more times throughout the year.  It's about an hour drive from where I live, but the more I think about it, I think we're going to have to go get some more Lucky's pizza.  Great neighborhood pizza place!
AJAd4q49arSXZmaB45KZFA	MFlkmsxlDloSiEd8SLjnAQ	3	0	If I could eat a southwestern Caesar salad once a day, every day, I think I would. This is one of my favorite salads...ever. Paradise in general is a little overpriced but one in a while, I'll bite the bullet and splurge. My only complaint is their lack of vegetarian options. For a restaurant that specializes in soups, salads and sandwiches, it would make sense to have more than one or two options in each category suitable for veggies.
xr-pPsKe487INePfJHqsNw	OmxAvtMyIvCVm16NFIOOUA	3	0	Their service was above acceptable, but kind of slow. It was Wednesday night around 9pm and only one section in the restaurant was open for just a few groups. Their business looked very slow there. But I suppose it was a probably typical week night situation.
eFV6Dovl1CL3d6Ef0oqZvA	-Ogv7rpcgUHkFaSy3vD8Sw	5	11	When Hoa called and said we were having a reunion of former branch employees at a Chinese buffet, I wasn't at all apprehensive. My normal concerns with such eateries--will the food be maintained at a proper food-safe temperature, is this seafood fresh, how long has the sushi been sitting out, will I be able to make it home before my intestines rupture--dissipated because Hoa knows good Asian cuisine. She is, of course, born to Vietnam and world traveled. Let's start with my happiest aspect about HKGB: the sushi. No, it's not the best sushi in the Valley, but they make it fresh for you on site. You can stand there and watch it being make, grab a soup or something else to munch on, or just sit at your table and chat awhile. Afterwards, you can head back for more sushi or veer over to the more traditional offerings of a Chinese buffet: sweet and sour chicken, fried rice, crab legs. Now let's review the not-so-shiny aspect: the price. Yes, it seems a little steep that we paid about $25 per person with tip (and I made only two rounds) but when you factor in the 2 hours we spent there, grazing, catching up, grazing, passing Lisette's daughter around, grazing and making plans to keep in touch, it's really not such an outrageous amount to pay. If you find yourself in this part of town, craving Chinese and are wicked crazy hungry, give HKGB a shot.
ZBrl8qRkHeYr3XLQw6_ZJQ	mM_sT64i46AKPQtz26PCcg	4	0	One of the better places to get some frozen yogurt, and since this is the location closest to my house, we tend to come here more than any other place we have been to so far. There is no indication next to the names of the yogurts what ingredients are in it, so I am docking a star for that. I'm trying to avoid eating eggs as much as I can and it is always helpful when that information is available without having to ask. I have been on the website enough times now to know which flavors have eggs and which don't so its not a problem for me anymore, but for anyone else it would be. But the flavors I have had have all been good. The fruity pebble flavor I had awhile ago actually tasted just like the cereal. It was a fun flavor. The topping bar is a good size. There are fruits, candies, and nuts among other toppings. My husband and I are generally happy with this topping bar. The best thing about this location is on Wednesdays, if you come in wearing pajamas (or something resembling pajamas) you get 50% off your total! Its a great deal. The last time we only paid $5 for the two of us. It gets pretty busy on Wednesdays but its not too bad.
zVPF4RaGG7jpfQ63HRVGcQ	Zx8_4zKdDBSO3qGrkukBIA	5	1	LOVE Chino Bandido.  The snickerdoodle cookie they give you with your meal is heaven.  Well, all of the food might actually be heaven, but usually by the time I get to the snickerdoodle I could die happy on the spot.
NcDrQYipok1104bqpIwS_w	AhpzPZH3b0PGT9mVoLCQDg	4	0	The grilled yellow tail salmon here is out of this world! I have eaten here twice in last 8 weeks and the sushi is fresh. The miso soup is great. Everything I have tried has been delicious. The staff is fairly friendly. Looking forward to happy hour here in the near future.
M3jTv5NIipi_N4mgmZiIEg	FV0BkoGOd3Yu_eJnXY15ZA	5	2	I pride myself on being 'that girl' that tries out every restaurant I come across. It's practically a hobby for me. For YEARS I kept saying, "I want to go to Cowboy Ciao" but we never made it. Then, thankfully, the hubs' best friend had a big birthday dinner there, so we just HAD to go. (Thank you hubs' best friend!)I have to say that the service was incredible, and the menu was almost overwhelming. There were SO many interesting choices, but I had to stick to the tried and true chopped salad - everyone and their mother has told me about this salad, and I wasn't about to miss out. The hubs ordered the Tenderbelly Pork Shank. The chopped salad has earned its reputation. That thing is de-freaking-licious. The Pork Shank dish was fabulous as well, but I couldn't get over how great the salad was! AND the server always came over to make sure that my wine glass was never empty. Seriously, can it get any better?For dessert we ordered the spumoni- I have had better (no offense) but I'm not sure anything served after that salad would have made me happy :)I'm very glad we finally made it to Cowboy Ciao and I look forward to going back - SOON!
ZxabF5JQcKPM86L0qB4xGw	nk6_ipMkmUvUtq6Xvncf0A	3	1	I could care less about being seen in Scottsdale, what my friends look like, and how cool we look when we hang out together. This is why I don't go to this place more than once every two years!!!! That being said, I do like their food. Its pretty good for sushi. But, the music is too loud, its pretentious as all get-out, the staff is too cool for their own good (Hey Bambi... You work in a frickin' restaurant), and its too much of a scene! Can I just have two of the Las Vegas' to go without all the crap?
fIlx7VKQuBmj0wBRTw4qjA	ftdKj1p2Y0ABrr9uOPn97g	2	1	Ya know - I could see this place being very inconsistent and I was there on a ho hum day.   The wine recommended was their chianti which tasted pretty bad, they have a weird assortment of imported beers, and like a couple other reviews the pizza had little flavor.  We order a PESTO chicken pizza and we had to bite around on each piece to find the pesto, no flavor, a bit dry and the pizza was really late and warm - late and warm which means =  sat there for a while.  Our waitress was nice, cute, fun but hey that only gets you 2 stars.   The salad was better than the pizza and the wings were pretty good. - Thats all folks.!!
NNyGfPeJOvTOMquOCOFg2Q	E6DnUFy3GoN4DxTqturtug	5	0	Went wed nite, wife tells me best gnocchi since Europe, were cooked perfectly . I had pollo erbe, terrific. " wine tasting director" very good, with tasty selections. Will be back, OFTEN. Highly recommend. Rich D
7etNJc6oUiAJX-TAHcNXUg	N_zdv9ApM_RIk_80KsNX5g	2	1	Food was alright, nothing special, a bit bland. The water tasted so bad though, bad enough that you could still taste it through iced tea or tap water, do they not have a filter!?
3naXtoD6EkZ6PhWGb-elFA	3n9mSKySEv3G03YjcU-YOQ	5	1	Postinos a spot for high rollin' winos. You woke up at noon and had breakfast during lunchtime, so the next logical step is to have lunch food during dinner time, with some wine. This is where postino's comes in. The menu is full of salads, Paninis, bruschetta and a few apps. There is a large by the glass wine menu ($8-$14) and hipster cool ambiance. Service here is great, the patio is quite nice with heaters, a fire place and even a few patio furniture loungers.  Great for a date, hanging with friends and conversation.We started with the Bella Postino $9 Crustini with a artichoke dip and a hummus. The artichoke dip was great as any fat laden dip would be. The humus was ok but I am a hummus  snob.For our main we had the Vegetarian Panini ($9.75) It was good and moist with hummus roasted tomatoes olives and an artichoke spread, the focaccia bread was well toasted from the Panini press.We also had the mediterranean  salad 8.75 which is a romaine salad with copious amounts of feta. Pretty good as I do like cheese but maybe not as healthy as one would want from a salad.For desert we had a crem burle, simple not to sweet and well executed a classic.
HjDpBri_flkD7obrtuxb9w	byhwHi0lhYdyY5kSpuqoaQ	4	0	Brio is delish, plain and simple. I have yet to get something that isnt tasty. I live about 15-20 miles from one so I dont get out there too often but I do wish there was one closer to my area.
ggHGaV87khLrOM6nxEOrMg	_HTE4pOKeJC7kcxiCF9vTA	3	2	I was NOT too impressed with this place but...  it was good for Phoenix, where I am starting to realize there is NOT an abundance of people who look like me.  =/   LOL! Flavor-wise I thought it was pretty good.  Don't be misled by the spring rolls...  Even though it says they serve them in 3s...  its 3 that are cut in half...  so you get 6 pieces.  This is pretty good if you're looking to share with someone.  I did not get a lot of lettuce and mint, though and ate the last two pieces by themselves.  I was a little disappointed by this.I had the combination Pho...  (YES i braved SOUP it in HOT ASS ARIZONA) and it was not too bad either.  The broth was nice and clear, just portion wise...  was not as extra large as I expected it to be.When the bill came, I ended up paying about $18 total which included tax and tip and no drink.  I think the Pho was almost $10.00 and the Spring Rolls were like $4 and some change?I think this place is cool but would not be my FIRST choice when it comes to pho.  (Trust me...  I've eaten a LOT of pho)  I just don;t think the price vs. portion is worth what you;re paying.  This saddens me to say too because, I am ALL about supporting small Asian businesses.  Oh well...
dCQfxVElqKdqEp6Nx5lL2w	H7KzlC0-o1wIhlGg-Me5Ag	4	3	Out of all of the Flo's locations, this is the one I've frequented the most over the past 3 years of living in the Valley.  I've seen the menu change here and there, but I have to say, I've never had a bad meal at Flo's.I met my friend Melanie H for dinner this evening and we really enjoyed our meal... we had great service - our waters stayed filled throughout the time we were there, and our food was served promptly. Our server checked on us several times as well.  We started with vegetable pot stickers and requested that they come steamed.  They were delicious! Next, we shared 'Indian Curry Vegetables' (I ordered it with shrimp) and Indian Vindaloo Chicken.  Both were extremely tasty - fresh veggies, chicken, and shrimp in really flavorful sauces with just the right amount of spice.  The curry vegetable dish came with broccoli, mushrooms, carrots, snow peas, and long beans.  The chicken dish had tomatoes and onions. We also had steamed white rice.Note to Flo: We were both disappointed that you took the Vietnamese Spring Rolls off of the menu and I miss the days of the green curry dish with calamari. One more thing - the chicken corn soup that you serve at the DC Ranch location should be offered at the others as well - I love that soup!Fortune cookies came along with the check and we both were happy with our fortunes.  The bill didn't break the bank either.  See you again soon, Flo!
JMsGNA3bc3CzqoOqb79dkg	9YUe5J_cPCBo_mL7-z9HCQ	4	0	I went for lunch with a large group and the place was pleasantly empty. The decor is very modern and has a comfortable lounge style.The chips and salsa are a great starter. You get three tasty kinds of salsa: brown, red, and pico de gallo. The tortilla chips are fried perfectly. They are extremely light and crispy.I tried the steak tostadas. The meat had a food flavor and the tortillas were nice and crunchy. The red jalapeño and fresh cilantro on top brought excitement to each bite. The dishes are small, but they are are also inexpensive at $6-10 each. Along with the chips and salsa, I got plenty of food, so portion sizes are only an issue for big eaters. It seems like a great place to share several dishes between everyone. I would definately go back for the food, but I wonder if this place becomes a standing-room only drunk fest when it gets busier and later in the evening (if so, no thanks).
j2Eno7wxttUkoeClhctwkQ	6oRAC4uyJCsJl1X0WZpVSA	4	1	The place is nothing special, you can even think there is nothing going on there as it is almost hidden. Once you are in, you still won't believe there is something worthy. Sit and try one of their gyros, hummus or the vegetarian combo! All tasty and well served. After that you can check and buy some interesting to impress your friends next time!
smnXvsjJNqsCvEGbaNxulQ	UxvOXcoCRFRAVhRB0D9imw	5	1	One of my favorite brunch spots.  Not the cheapest, but you come here to admire the Arcadia families/couples coming into have brunch.  There is sometimes a wait but it is worth it.  I have a hard time deciding between the lunch salads and breakfast.  I usually cave and get the french toast or ginormous belgian waffle.  Parking is plentiful but it is on a weird corner in the strip mall, if you are going, look for cork and cleaver.
QGfkgls44HbbrPDTR_ct2Q	rZbHg4ACfN3iShdsT47WKQ	5	1	Seriously.  I seldom give 5 stars, but it deserves at least this much.If it wasn't for the location and the super scary after dinner club scene, I would go every.single.day.Truly one the best BBQ places in greater Phoenix.  My mouth is watering as I'm thinking about the Hog Heaven special.  In fact, my puppies mouths are watering too.  Decent prices, giant selection.  One of those places where the early cowboys of the SW would appreciate.   If you are a cracker family, I suggest going super early, like super early bird special early , like when the snow birds come out for the senior special early, because after dusk, the whole place transforms into a pulsating super loud, super dicey Mexican Dance Club, and the blue hairs are sure to have a coronary attack after indulging in such a  lipid laden meal as they attempt to make their way out of the Club.   Ah the sacrifice for decent BBQ....
pX2ROPQLKnnnEU86JunAHA	7tTK3VPlFtBGBHm8-LZIUg	5	3	Awesome place!! EXCELLENT food/apps(try the bleu cheese figs)! Ask for Dizzy Dre, he's AWSOME and listens to your likes and customizes drinks for you!! Very patient with women!! ;)
VH3eXyerwSofqISU5KqZzw	cN6aBxe2mQvrQlzk26LyRQ	4	5	This review is for the bar ONLY! First time I came in here it was packed to this gills, and no where to sit so we left.. Next!Second time I came here I met 2 of the strangest old women I've ever encountered who tried to reel me into a marketing scam, wouldn't shut up about how lovely I was and how both of them wanted me as their daughter, then performed Reiki on me and my friend, waving their hands all around us eyes closed and chanting.. in front of the everyone. I couldn't help but bust out in laughter. Bartender laughed too, then poured more bourbon in my glass and winked.I really liked this place aside from the geriatric nonsense. Great vibe & I loved the entrance, you walk right through the kitchen and can observe the chefs working their magic. The interior is dark and sexy, with some of the coolest wallpaper I've ever seen.I am hoping to write an update soon, because I desperately want to try the steak that I have heard so much about, but $60 for dinner is a little out of my budget, thanks to our economical crisis and being unemployed. *sigh*
BMJMZDdmWR8Qhf6J64XMeA	UUssRgBCO_riWg3chbv9Zg	3	1	Huge portions of delicious pulled pork, perfect coleslaw, ice cold drinks, plenty of TVs, and friendly staff make this a fun place you should try!  Ohhhh yeah, be sure to use the Yelp check in deal for a free desert!  We went with the Death by Chocolate!  It is built for two and ohhh so delicious! However, I am only going with three stars due to limited BBQ meat selection compared to the others in town, limited cramped parking, and dirty paper menus.
TFOQStpfdozOP7Xy4y3nVA	muCl5p-9ut1sY0aKeUeRhw	4	1	When one course of a meal is so significantly better than the rest of it, it's hard to write a balanced review.  I went down to Cheuvront with a few friends for Restaurant Week.  The place is tiny, very relaxed-hip looking, and right on Central Ave.  While the place doesn't have any distinct look or theme going on, there was a movie with french subtitles playing on a screen next to the dining area so...I guess it's supposed to be French.  They have wine and cheese too, so, yeah, probably French.So the meal didn't start out so great.  The spinach salad came out to me on a dirty place.  Sure, it's a restaurant.  I know other people use the same plates and silverware I'm using, but things like that, especially when noticed, are off-putting.  Unfortunately, the ahi tuna that followed was also overdone.  Not in a bad way, and I almost didn't notice through the thick peppercorn crusting, but when it was pointed out, I was a little disappointed.That was when they pulled out dessert.I'm not a sweets person.  I don't know that I've ever been.  Give me spicy or savory 10 times out of 10 over any kind of sweet-tasting anything.  Although my dentist might argue evidence to the contrary, I really just don't have a sweet tooth.  That being said, I wanted to die and be entombed in the citrus flan that was put in front of me.  I wanted to lick the plate clean and then go back to the kitchen and demand they fill my pockets, one with the smooth, creamy, more-like-custard-than-flan flan and the other with the wonderfully sweet and subtle citrus sauce they coated the dish with.  I'd also probably ask for some of the figs and berries to be put in a doggie bag.I have never, in my entire life, enjoyed a dessert as much as this one.  I would happily drive the 20-plus minutes downtown just to have this again.Before I forget or the keyboard shorts out from me drooling, the wine selection here is also amazing.  I didn't take time to look at the whole thing, but I think most wine connoisseurs would be happy here.While it was a mixed bag, the place certainly deserves another trip.  I can see (if I had a real life, not one that consisted solely of studying) sitting out on their patio, enjoying Phoenix, and making a dent in their wine and cheese stocks.
mlg4QXm6F9RoRGqjHIRx3w	mhQCxOiqp03qnhGRTtPduw	5	0	This is my favorite pho joint in all of Arizona. I have been to about 17 from flagstaff to mesa to central and Tucson! The owners are so welcoming and very proud of their business and it shows! The place is always clean and the bathrooms are immaculate! I always order pho Tai and water.. But I've had both their egg rolls and spring rolls both excellent! I love the broth! It's true pho broth.. It's not the beef bullion cubes other place use and you can defiantly taste the difference! The sprouts are the cleanest I have ever seen! I love this pho place ...  try the greatest pho in Arizona!
F9BTRx7yCar_sDVwoOx7NA	y3V2jqKmvWjyo9Mc-Ipn4g	4	1	Pasand is under new ownership and the changes already seem good. I went there today expecting the same old stuff. What I got was some truely excellent tasting food. The food was leaps and bounds above the previous food. The spices were much more distinct and flavorful and especially fresh. In talking with the owners they were going to rennovate the run downinside and add some more buffet places. Overall I approve of what has been down to the place especially the food.
bGC4jifhIjxZq8-YmwfS6A	IFKTsVSSguMjLBA9mo0x0Q	4	0	Some pretty decent mexican food, and quiet cheap as well. $5 for a burrito, though it's not as big as the $6/$7 burritos or taste as good as the ones in San Jose, CA, it was still good. if I was from here, I'd probably come here a lot.. maybe a little too much though. I tried an Arizona Burrito, which was potatoes, cheese, and steak burrito. Pretty good, though the potatoes seemed a little too hard, but it was whatever. Just tasty greasy food, my brother said it's the perfect hangover food, and they are open late so :).
9eUoNQ9z1QnoDZbfl2-G5A	IuAPYzf3NSyfyXYgT46YVA	4	1	Returned for another meal and the overall experience was excellent. Only negative was that the braised leak appetizer is now somewhat drenched in cheese.. Feels a bit "pizza hut".
koqs0LrKatUyJz72pCJ1gQ	Eeonj15SXvfR6kgvh8BOWw	3	0	I've probably passed by this place a thousand times without ever stopping in before today. As others have pointed out, it's small and intimate, but I liked the charming atmosphere.I ordered the Seasoned Grilled Chicken on Cibatta and a Desert Blossom Iced Tea (lavender, hibiscus, apricot and rosehips). The sandwich was well balanced and moist. It was served with iceberg, roma tomatoes and a side of their house fries, "Kilo Fries." The fries were seasoned with a cheese blend, which seemed a little dry to me. However, a quick swirl in olive oil improved them quite a bit. The tea was delicate and refreshing - a nice complement to my lunch selection.The service is what stood out for me here. My server was friendly and attentive throughout the meal, even though I was dining solo. I certainly felt that my business was valued here. She even offered me a to-go cup for my tea, which was a nice touch.I will definitely be back to explore more of their menu. Prices are reasonable too, which doesn't hurt!
-_MguNFy09v8GeFS5NDIbA	6v0vQm3wXzaFoEywvpbnqg	5	1	Best happy hour on this side of town. The bartenders are very friendly and service is always prompt. I've never had a bad drink or a bad meal here. I only go in if Jennifer is working though! The bar has plenty of TVs too.
RG_Twuw-RM9Rj5KsL3BR6g	rvHy0q0Gnqxy3G87BNluaQ	5	1	Great place for Italian food. Very family friendly. Mellow atmosphere with friendly and knowledgeable staff. Never had a bad meal. My favorite is Sirloin Marsala and you can choose any pasta they have to go with it at no charge. Recommend to anyone who enjoys quality Italian for a good price.
qq2n7VzjTTxz1Y4v_Fnrhw	gI4jThFNwy73SzaNvi-1dw	4	0	Tried Ling & Louies for the first time, different than the traditional for sure. Service and food were both excellent. We tried the duck sliders,lucky lo mein rice, orange peel chicken & beef & broccoli.
BsCsjuTf5JmxqdjLjarkzg	Zh_y9AmSfWZpR2JB9wye-A	4	0	Really cool, foodie restaurant in scottsdale. All the food was fresh and original. The service was quick and pleasant, and definitely a place to consider to eat. It's not the cheapest restaurant but worth the price. This place definitely belongs in Scottsdale as is more upscale and you could sense it from the decor and service.
93OcCc6MfpuuMRIr15YFbA	EKzMHI1tip8rC1-ZAy64yg	4	2	Loved the location at atmosphere of this place!  Had a very nice business dinner here last night.  We were able to sit outside thanks to the gorgeous weather, and I'd recommend this to anyone.  The houses inside have their charm, but al fresco dining is great!  We had a few drinks at the bar before we started dinner - they have a fairly nice wine by the glass list, as well as a nice stocked bar.  Something for everyone!The menu contained lots of delicious choices, and it was hard to choose.  Ended up going with Hapuku, which was a new-to-me fish from New Zealand, similar to grouper.  It was delicious - tender, flaky, and the earthy vegetables with it were a nice complement.We had very polite service, though not well-timed.  I like when plates are cleared all at once for people, instead of taking plates at the table away when others are eating.  OR, bringing the bill before we've finished dessert.  Both of these happened here.
6_ALmzg1PGrBG2fQ5Q2i2g	nCeeguQS-MHQRifOpKzwUg	1	0	I took my family here and this was a disappointin experience. The service was snobby and rude.  The waitress was condescending and the food was overprices. I have not been to the other Tomasos but I will clearly discourage anyone from dining at the Chandler Tomasos. The service is clearly substandard and snobby.
qRyganQ35aKuDiAhtp9Dcg	EfmR4e1tmjC5_ZQOgfnYrg	3	2	Food was good. I had the Choppino Fruittas de Mare. Apparently the serving is large as the server hinted that it may be too large for me, but the serving was typical for a Fruits de Mare type plate that I've had at other restaurants. Sauce was nice: spicy and good flavor. Pasta was cooked well and the right portion size, I think people add too much pasta to make the dish look larger. Other than the imitation crab (a disappointment but not a deal breaker) the seafood was cooked nicely between the calamari, mussels, etc. Kid's spaghetti was very good. I taste all the kid's spaghetti since I have 3 kids and invariably someone doesn't finish or even start their bowl. The pasta was cooked well, the meatball was decent, but the sauce was shick and chunky (not watery which I hate) and covered all the pasta (which for some reason other restaurants can't seem to do). There isn't a specific kid's menu but the server said they make kid's portion size of anything on the menu but the price isn't available to be seen so you have to trust they aren't going to bend you over on those, which they didn't. Bread, of course, was available prior to meals. The butter used is very tasty, some type of garlic I think. Bread was warm, soft, and not overcooked.Now I would have given 4 stars except for a few exceptions: the decor and slower service. Decor was dreadful, sorry. Old and dated. I think their target demographics is 50 years old or greater as the chairs, pictures, and everything inside screams 1970's. The chairs remind me of an old conference hall. The lighting is on the dark side. I guess if I was out on a date or with 4 retired couples, it would be a nicer decor, but with 8 adults and 5 kids it just doesn't fit quite right.Kid friendly not quite, but kid accomidating is more like it. Since the ambience is darker and softer volume on conversations, having loud and obnoxious kids is not the right place for them.Overall, the food is good, servers friendly but not the family friendly place I usually prefer.
eSOmx01vY6hEgNdlRzw0FA	9AbyBqGWHYZC73GlyAuTrQ	4	1	FAN-FREAKIN' -TASTIC!Yes, it's a Great steakhouse... but they also have a Great wine selection... and Great bread to start... and Great desserts.... and Great service.Rich and Richie took exceptional care of us.  They were attentive and fun to talk to... too.I had the Prime Rib and it was huge and perfectly prepared. I ended up taking the rest home and having it for lunch the next day and it was just as good the following day.  :)The Bread to start came with 2 different flavored butters.  You could easily fill up on bread before dinner.... so go easy on this as they will keep bringing out refills if you let them.The Dessert.... we got the Chocolate Lava Cake... and the cake part was good... but the sides that came with the cake... they were Amazing.  The Chantilly Cream they serve on the side of the cake is freshly made and it's a Little Pillow of Heaven.  Rich brought us more when we ate all the cream and still had cake left.  And then they have a little homemade pistachio cookie with vanilla ice cream on the side too... these were great too... So, net, net... I wouldn't order the Chocolate Lava Cake for the cake part.... I'd order it for the things that come WITH the cake.  :)Good for special occassions and if you are looking to have a lovely evening out.
Yt5oPuoVoTp2wrzn8b5Emg	seg5LOqFqUXKqJz-thKIKA	3	0	As much as you don't want to like Wally World...it is what it is...crazy!!
59jvJf_z2UnmFTewTUBseg	ZlvVCqFKTMK4rBkTQzVBpA	2	0	Disappointed.  I'm from Jersey, everybody in my family raves about Jersey Mikes and they are all in Jersey.  First off,  I ordered the Italian sub that comes with the works (5 different meats) and is supposed to come with provolone.  Got home to Buckeye to learn there was no provolone on my sandwich.  That throws the taste of an Italian sub off, period.  My second disappointment was the meat.  The franchise contracts out to a provisioner to make all their cold cuts under the Jersey Mike's label, but the meat does not have the flavor of New Jersey's finest deli meats, Thumann's. Boar's Head doesn't come in close to Thumann's but I'll take Boar's Head when nothing else is available. Third place goes to Dietz and Watson.  If Peter Cancro, the CEO of Mike's really cares, he'll get his meat elsewhere. The staff was very friendly, the restaurant was clean, there were blown up photos of the Pt. Pleasant side of the Manasquan Inlet and Jenk's pier with surfers heading out, a nice touch of back home, but that's the best I can say.  The staff was so personable I don't regret leaving them a tip even though they forgot my cheese.  I just wish I had a good reason to go back and see them again.
VnXtKqjcxxVNwu_ngF5k_g	Y2Lfzulh_D9nNcuH49UT4w	4	3	Yummy!!Went with my best friend last night for our weekly date and had a great meal!  We enjoyed the sushi menu but everything looked quite delicious.  I LOVED the welcoming sushi chefs and beautiful aquariums.  Here is a rundown of the food...Edamame: solid...can't really screw that one upPhilly: Great distribution of cream cheese!  I hate when sushi places over do it on the Philly...California: Solid but could have been a bit creamer and with some spicy sauce Some kind of Latino roll: Skip it...weird texture insideScallop roll: YummmGreat experience and so far maybe the best sushi I have come across in AZ.  I will keep you posted
amf0jmbwOrCRQte4ev0miw	VGhMTZyqmGmM4Lrn9i6yuQ	5	3	My husband and I have been here twice in the last week for dinner...it is a bit pricey as other reviewers have said (around $20 for dinner entrees), but for vegetarian and organic food, what exactly do folks expect?  You get what you pay for.  We were happily surprised after reading the reviews...the food was amazing, the portions are huge and we had leftovers both times.  (and p.s., we paid with a debit card both times and have had no trouble, despite the review about only paying cash.)Our first visit, we were greeted kindly and given a plate of fruit to munch on until we ordered.  My husband ordered the mint tea and it was delish!  For an appetizer, we had the sabzi...which is a huge plate of green herbs, homemade wheat nan, feta cheese, and walnuts.  The herbs were FRESH and the nan was delicious...just the smell of it was enough to get us drooling!For entrees, we had the spinach herb stew and the vegetable stew with eggplant.  I am currently pregnant and garlic is not something that's agreeing with me.  I asked if the vegetable stew had garlic in it and the waiter said "we can make it however you want...every dish is made when you order it"....what??  the dishes are made to order??  I haven't heard that at a lot of restaurants!  After about 20 minutes, our stews arrived...steaming hot and smelling delicious.  They were HEAVENLY!  So many flavors and so fresh!!Our second time here, we had the dolmeh plate and Mast Va Mosear (a spinach dip)...both were ok...but I like the Sabzi better.  The entrees we had were amazing...I had a special of the day (pomegranate walnut sauce over tofu, which was blissful to smell and eat) and hubby had the vegetarian sampler to get his falafel fix.Overall, if you are willing to pay a little more for a nice, organic foods dinner, go here and check it out.  Everything will be fresh...everything will smell and taste delicious...and the restaurant's atmosphere is perfect for a relaxed, decadent evening.
RWNPDwgtNuPx-kwQFqhnBg	n-iA7O3vKAgCMk3Caf2Syw	4	0	I have liked every sub I've had there with the exception of one. Pretty good odds!
rai0XuKom2GYz3qQ8lN9LA	WNy1uzcmm_UHmTyR--o5IA	5	1	I went here for lunch a couple of weeks ago with my bosses. It was packed on a Friday - we sat at the bar and our cook was fantastic! We got to sit and chat with him while he worked away at the orders. I had the chicken pesto pasty and it was wonderful! the bread used is similar to a pastry dough type...but not as sweet. The pasty was so filling, I could barely finish it.My bosses have been there before and have always wanted to try the peanut butter and jelly pasty - so we all split it as dessert and it was so good. They put bananas in it and drizzle jelly over the whole pasty. It's definitely rich and gooey. I would totally go back here again and have told my friends about it too! Amazing place.
rGFVSbE73Q4hPuGNVmqMUA	-h-q6zTIdPlkz9BDP11sBg	4	0	Our second experience here was much better. We knew to stay away from the traditional fattier foods and stuck with healthier options. We had: - Mussels appetizer - Stuffed mushrooms appetizer - Chicken flatbread - Salmon - ScallopsEverything had quite a bit of flavor and was prepared well. We would return again!
14Sm7WUBIdqEhyNlFp3fTQ	fRtuc2k17r6aZMJWEMcXFQ	4	1	I had not been to this location since they remodeled the inside it's really clean and nice... Friendly staff I was impressed. I ordered the chicken finger basket it comes with fries and two pieces of toast... For the sauces I went with the honey mustard and the gravy... I rate the food as followed.Chicken Fingers - BFries - BToast - D Gravy - BHoney Mustard - BI will be back again for lunch plus I really wanted a blizzard.
ZMl-Z7yrsiN9BmKDy-fBNg	qB-qsaSnhbHCt18_AN4Quw	5	0	OK, so this is how much I love this product. I first tasted Lee's at a Yelp Elite event and waited and dreamed a whole year to eat it again. When I was invited to the next year's Elite Pleydate it was the topic of the first question out of my mouth. "Is Lee's gonna be there?" ( Ok, maybe the whole French restaurant's Bone Marrow gravy came to mind too, but I digress) When I made it inside to Pleydate I literally ran to that booth having desert before dinner. I am all about the alcohol infused ice cream now. The funny thing about that is I am not even a big ice cream lover. I will have to visit the shop soon.
YbMpfJnxo7fMrF9q47XuWw	i0d1RvC0RcjT53S-2GZsgw	5	0	If you are a big tea drinker like myself then you must check this place out! They offer a HUGE variety of loose teas from all around the world. They have herbal, rooibos, green, black, and white teas. The selection is phenomenal and there is some loose teas here for every type of tea drinker out there. They also offer high quality tea accessories that are beautiful like the teapots and tea mugs which are very classy and not overly expensive. Great place for those looking to pick up a unique gift for a tea lover or for the tea lovers like myself it is like stepping into tea HEAVEN. The owner is also very nice and offers good advice if you are looking for a particular taste or type of tea since there are at least 50-60 loose teas to choose from. Hear my teapot whistling......gotta go!
WAJrBZL6RPM4JUVhCA5SJw	VsO_rhXi5lgbaGxNwoEZsQ	4	1	I think Fate is delicious and great! I love the remodeled house the restaurant is in....super cute! Fate's crab puffs are simply amazing,filled with cream cheese and crab goodness!  The hong kong flat rice noodles are scrumptious! The sauce on the flat rice noodles is SO flavorful, I could  eat them all day! I don't get all of the bad reviews on Fate. I think those people are simply crazy!
MNjiCQavIbMZpuBGSbGp9Q	-PA_1J9JzxLcluTOw2gZjw	1	1	Not worth the money. Food was average and the portion was small for the price I paid.
KpnYRPGPVAAh3tl8NUuGHg	roTWGaU-RcJ06l8cjFw7xQ	2	0	I don't know why i have been here more than once, but the parking is horrible, and the food is only so-so.  lots of color and flare but not much going for it.  the baja sauce is great but i seem to get sick later that evening when i eat it.  i need to learn from experience
pehsPum9iW6DVyWil6WhFQ	V2isTBBfO0NgLzXO9oq1Mg	5	0	Mouth watering. That's all I have to say.The food at this place is seriously amazing. Everything we tasted was better than the dish before it, and we had a fabulous bottle of white wine to accompany our meal. The scallops were a highlight, as was the potato pie dish (that's not a very technical name for what it was, but that's my best effort). It was all very, very good, and the only thing keeping us from returning is the cost! We genuinely enjoyed our evening here, and we will absolutely go back, but it is pricey, especially for the size of the dishes.The atmosphere and ambiance are so fun, and this place is a little dressier and trendier than some other places we've been in Scottsdale. I highly recommend this for a night out with friends, or a cool date night. It seemed as though reservations would be a good idea, although we didn't have them and were okay (it was busy, though).
bmsk5foqmcBgQ_pylNDpCw	vfLog2bLJGl6hAFtGtr0GQ	4	0	Great atmosphere with interesting lights (look like white jellyfish). Got a Chicken piccata which was delicious. TVs were conveniently placed so we were able to watch the World Series Games. Overall, a fun place to catch up with friends.
JxEbBeCjFkREw_AkQ_5kLw	rhOC6FyEpPuZxm563uwLzQ	4	1	Service was great, Food was excellent...the down side was the tables were dirty! The place only had one table in use when we arrived!
7w6OeliWC3n3EvBEYwegBA	GNZuoHxehd_3Kej7eXj8iQ	2	0	Not bad, but not great.  Service was really friendly, and prompt.  Food was "meh", maybe I just ordered the wrong thing.
mqtQLXrVkEbiGvc9xCxlrg	SMpL3z4FLF07bRA6-y22JQ	4	0	This is probably one of my favorite spots in Oldtown.  I definitely enjoy the the Thai food here and plus the atmosphere is really chill and homey.  Service was never a problem here every time I go.  My favorite is the Basil Crispy CK....so simple to make but I love it.  Date place? Sure why not :)
YjKssTLX9NCT-5gwV5Pwmg	bSFuJDDTj6BeKypgBNFBGg	4	0	Friendly, knowlegeable, GREAT coffee, cute place where you can everything from meetings to weddings, take a yoga class, and meet great people on Monday nights for Leashes and Lattes!
mErm3BC2S2I-dCjS6vSu3Q	MXOdsPTLQPsQK9hUq01DWg	3	1	Great for Saints and LSU games.
AEnFHfL0xiyAW6m4l3bIZg	8SgxmzOgLUCnkuVMs2NOrQ	4	2	I was impressed with their menu and drink selection. 3 different sized cups, all kinds of flavors. They also have these "bowls" which look so enticing! Consists of fruit, granola, acai, honey etc. they have a few different  kinds but they look so good for being healthy for ypu :). Honestly, i think they have maybe more to offer than Jamba does. I had the Pina-cool-ada, and i feel in love with it. They break down the calories of each drink depending which size cup you get also. I'm all about information at my fingertips and they had everything I needed/wanted to know laid out nicely.  You get a free boost as well.. fat burner, energy etc. They also serve different kinds of pretzels as well. It was my first visit here so forgive me because i know i am leaving some things off...but this goes to show you the menu is extensive cause I damn sure cannot remember all of it.Next time you're in the mood to get your juice on.. Check out Juice it up... see if it titillates your senses as it did mine. :0
zPwtgoxIwCQNGXKIIqlKeQ	NBwPgX7L2D-EZedgo3A-pw	5	0	This review is for Gil's catering - which is fantastic.  Our perfect event for a new product launch needed to be casual, but tasty and high quality.  Gil's was all of these things.  The food presentation is pretty without pretension.  Everything was fantastic.  Best of all, Gil worked with us to plan an event within our budget.  Fare is traditional with a tasty twist - our group loved the chimis, taquitos, enchiladas and especially the chips.  We expected 2 servers and 4 showed up - including Gil.  They over delivered in every sense.
hew9a4Gi3x06fHnMXtKxjQ	YQvg0JCGRFUkb6reMMf3Iw	3	1	I live in downtown Phoenix; Boyfriend lives in Tempe. After two years of getting our date on at places like Postino's, St. Francis, the Rokerij, Dick's Hideaway, and Padre's, we decided we needed a Tempe date place. Friday night we decided to check out La Bocca.In short. it's okay. Nice environment, good service, pretty good pizza, and great ice cream flight for dessert. But this is tempered with over priced wine (almost $20 for two glasses of HOUSE wine?), small pieces of bruschetta (tasty - scratch that - REALLY tasty, but the slices are teeny tiny), and it's on Mill, so most of the other patrons are frat guys trying to impress sorority sisters, and if you're lucky, you'll get to see a couple of Greeks making out. Yum? There was a table of older people tucked into a corner who didn't seem to mind the age gap, but in my late-20s, I was not very much amused.The good service, cool atmosphere, tasty bruschetta choices, and creative, thin crust pizza get this place three stars. The over priced wine and bruschetta (seriously, we usually get bruschetta at Postino's for the same price for 4 people, and then I am too full to order dinner, but at La Bocca I was ready for round two after my half of the plate), and the fact that it's on Mill keeps it from 5 stars. We both really wanted to like this place, but I think next time we want to get dressed up and go out on the East side, we'll try somewhere else. In the meantime, we'll stick to downtown.
Udhg5DaC_2CLRYbnRhPnZw	YEQkTCmphjr6XKPh4m93AQ	4	1	I've been coming to this place since college, and I can tell you its definitely one of those "an oldie but a goodie".  So, its not a fancy schmancy place with hip party music playing and it doesn't serve mixed drinks with cute names like "hello kitty", but it should be a staple to anyone's lunch place repertoire.  They serve bento boxes (basically a lunch box with rice, your choice of entree, salad and slices of oranges--a healthy dessert!) for $3.75.  If you're feeling like a high roller, you can order the sashimi bento box, and that will set you back a whopping $6.Who says you can't eat good for cheap?
Y5YaED054tq-jA2iQDIrMg	T4ox3wUzFjWvyrjaTRoBbA	5	0	A great family owned restaurant! Their lunch specials are very reasonable. I recommend this place to anyone looking for good Japanese food. My only request is that they open a restaurant closer to Tempe - I would go so much more often.
WxVChik_0ZMOceJWxukG6w	2qbajPD8M7PJlWWaHSRR5Q	1	6	Glad this place has new ownership... I should probably remove the review below, Its really harsh and doesn't apply to the NEW establishment.  You have been warned ;) ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Short Review:THIS PLACE SUCKS BALLSLong Review:We were supposed to meet a friend here at Draft House on Saturday night. We were excited to be out on a date-like experience cuz its been a while. We went to my in-laws for dinner and then headed to Draft... I knew it was going to be interesting from the sound of the music as we pulled into the strip mall. The music: Good music, probably the only good thing about this place - if you're a hip-hop fan. All hip-hop, all night. The crowd: Ghetto fab all the way! Seems like everyone there is late 20's - early 30's (and some older sprinkled throughout the crowd) and none realize its not 1996 anymore. Expect to hear a lot of fake accents a la Da Bronx and a lot of misuse of slang terms. It was entertaining until it became annoying. Oh and people WILL steal your seats or tell you they are saved - ugh!The atmosphere: small, crowded...  Small dance floor.  A couple pool tables, but don't expect to get one. Some TVs playing various sports, which I guess qualifies this place as a "sports cafe"?? The service: OMG, we had one beer each and the "line" was retarded, over 30 minutes to tab out. No line in sight, just people crowding together, trying to get to the front of the line.  Oh! and LOL.. the bar tenders are total morons, one of them complained to the guy next to us about his crappy tip and the other argued with his customer about whether they ordered rum and cokes or redbull and vodka.  The guy had already made the rum and cokes and was pissed that HE got it wrong.  Weirdos!If any of this appeals to you this is your place! BTW her friend didn't show and we ended up going to Skip n Jan's to play some pool :o)  We had a great time there :o)
2_aftEi4GMt_tsKIQwheCw	LMG0zsAkUSscIvmV9vvm3A	5	0	My work got some Christmas allowance and instead of doing a dinner we decided to get a really nice lunch for our branch. We decided on Oregano's cause it was on the way. I had the stuffed Italian sandwich and it blew my mind. I couldn't believe how bug this sandwich was, it provided me with two wonderful lunches. It looks like some of my coworkers got the sausage sandwich and the steak sandwich and one person got a pasta dish and couldn't even eat a quarter of it because they gave so much. After that experience I am going to make more of an effort to get to the restaurant instead of getting it to go.
mYQUMTcBhBp_NTaj7gQr8Q	W7xb2iS4cYL14Yi5LOGSkA	1	2	I will precede this lackluster review by stating the following:1)I have only been to this place once.2)I didn't get a chance to actually try the cuisine.3)I am a sympathetic person to servers, as I have been one.That being said, I give this place one star for reasons of poor service.About six months ago, at around 4pm on a Sunday afternoon, we decided to eat at this place. The atmosphere was warm and cozy; typical college bar with college-aged waitresses.We made sandwich selections and ordered happy hour beers. The beers came, the food never did, and we watched other patrons come in, eat, and leave.  All the while, our waitress never came by to give us an explanation or even get us another round of drinks (we got them ourselves from the bar). Since my bf and I both worked in food service, we are always sympathetic when we can see that a place is under-staffed.  But after an hour of waiting, we finally crossed the room to speak with our server. She said, "I can't imagine it will be much longer." I think the more professional approach would have been an apology and admitting to forgetting to put in our ticket, which is what we gathered when we saw her speaking frantically with the cook.Where was the manager that day? Or someone who noticed that we sat there so long without our food or any communication at all?We left money on the table for our beers and walked out. I guess there is a first time for everything.
HwZKlZ4F3RH3adez4cC4FA	WSHQ9qpL39g5xA3E5iBCmw	5	7	As I passed the velvet rope flanked by shiny, exotic cars I knew I was in for an experience.  Some might call it a fine-dining experience, but clearly this was something more.  A tribute to opulence and Regan-era excess, Dominick's is your seven-figure foodie fantasy come alive; from the moment you enter the swanky foyer to the gleaming 10 inch tower of tiramisu that finishes your meal.  It's glittery, bedazzled, and oozing pretension - and I loved it.The ServiceMy visit to Dominick's was the night after it's official opening.  The service tried very hard to be as impeccable as the surroundings and, while not perfect, the charming staff and the sincere effort put forth made little things like missing napkins and bread plates instantly forgivable.  Our server, Drew, let us know that the wait staff only had 2 - 3 tables each and it was very evident in the personal service we received.  A few more weeks of experience for the staff should easily iron out the little wrinkles.The FoodWe started with the jumbo shrimp appetizer, which unfortunately came with 3 shrimp - hardly conducive to sharing - so we ordered two. And "Jumbo" they certainly were, accompanied by a kicky cocktail sauce which my dinner companion felt was spicy enough.  Ever the daredevil, I added additional horseradish to mine because who doesn't like to burn the inside of their nostrils at dinner.For the main course we both had the 9-oz filet, lobster gnocchi and steamed asparagus.  My filet was a perfect rare-plus with a dark pink center, expertly seared and juicy.Surprisingly the lobster gnocchi really stole the show for me.  I'm not big on starches or cream sauces so when it was suggested I wasn't particularly excited; I should have been.  The dough was light and fluffy, the cream sauce not too rich and the lobster added the perfect amount of salt & texture.After dinner I indulged in a grand marnier while my companion ordered the tiramisu.  He was presented with a 10 inch tall hunk of cake that could easily have been intended for 4 people.  The tiramisu was spongy and light, with a lovely cool custard and only a subtle flavor of rum.  A nice finish to an excellent meal.  AtmosphereWe were lucky enough to score a poolside table which started off as very romantic but over the course of the evening became quite the place for people watching.  The scene at the small bar area on the 2nd floor was bustling and both the waiters and I wondered aloud how long it would be before a guest fell in the pool.  I bet they didn't make it through the weekend without someone making a splash.
77pW4aInLqX4bX17tJCd6A	EC9WB-iVjd28B6R6KIZ8TA	5	1	I Love this place. I eat here either take in or take out at least 2 times a week!I also agree with some of the others. I love the fact that I can try something new without committing! I love the revolving sushi. I also do not like that there are a lot of spicy selections. Why not offer the spice on the side. I would love some of the sushi, but it has that spicy sauce on it.Some of the best to offer that some people might not know about:Haru sushi - Tuna stuffed with crab and topped with avocado!Hand rolls - YUM!!! Some are only 2.50Udon - Good!The staff is great. The wait can be long on some days or eves.Love the baked scallops. Great mussels too.
clNitliTZ7Cp0afx1RL-6g	KBG28p3lGX17hOPoHhq5PQ	5	3	I had a tough time deciding between 4 and 5 stars.  Wish there was 4.5 stars available for me to choose.Went here on a business trip with a coworker and tried it out. I had at least one of the following:Sapporo - Can it ever be bad?  It was served very cold.  Thumbs up.Green Tea - Good.  Good service on the refills also.Edamame - Good.  Right amount of salt.Miso - Interesting wooden bowl and wooden spoon.  It tasted good, tho.Yellow Tail, Salmon, Tuna, Albacore, Uni, FW Eel,  Kampachi nigiri.  Good stuff on all of those.  They also have "Yasu style" nigiri for some types, and they are good.  It usually involves ponzu on top.Spicy Tuna and Softshell Crab roll.  SSC was great!Service was pretty good and sushi was also good.  The bar was full but I wish I could have eaten there.  The sushi chefs were friendly and talkative to the people at the bar, which is unusual (at least compared to LA).  The base quality of the fish, outside of whatever ponzu, soy, wasabi and other ingredients were on it, was pretty good, but I wouldn't say 5 stars.  Since I generally judge a place wholly on the food, I give it 4.5.  Failing that, I rounded up!
CI0J5Foz7teDOLqJGS6hig	suivIX2e8mQKGvbMvbcm2Q	4	1	I love this place!  Authentic mexican food at inexpensive prices.  Friendly and attentive staff.  The cleanest Filiberto's I have seen.  I visit at least once a week during the lunch hour.  The Chile Rellenos are awesome, lightly battered, lots of spicy sauce... just simply delicious.  Taco Tuesdays (99 cent tacos) are a great bargain.  Complimentary salsa bar with multiple hot sauce type salsas, sliced cucumbers, and a fantastic spicy carrot/onion/jalapeno/chile salad... all free.  My only complaint is the salsa bar, soda fountains and cashier area, which are all located up front, can get very congested... I wish they could rearrange that somehow.  Oh, plus it would be nice to offer a chunky (pico de gallo) type salsa on the salsa bar, similar to Baja Fresh.  Check out the website for coupons - great deals!  You also will receive a bright orange (can't miss it) set of coupons with each purchase, to use on your next visit.  I'm a fan!
pFy_H_e8HMd6js-Vw6Ej7Q	bc-lE-wGVAsUrX-kJhtY-Q	4	1	We ate there last night and were very pleased our meals and service.  The ribs were especially good.  We would go back again.
eoF-0QA3uk53E3TgM7ardw	MuIXnv7Oq7X3-4aEsp9dDA	5	1	Mid-priced dining with high end flavor. I ordered the special Yelp menu. Started off with mixed green salad with fig dressing. Very good. Moved on the the "smart" chicken. Tender, char grilled breast with corn risotto. Yum!  Topped it off with a perfect chocolate de creme. Staff was friendly and very on top of things. Great experience.  I'm definitely coming back. give these guys some love!
DZheznh2w87MnVsDCLRwOQ	3NqERLqdtQSe0w9540rZrQ	4	0	Coming from NY, I tried out the bubble tea to see how it compares to back home with kung fu tea and quicklys in flushing.its actually pretty good, but with one downside.i got the taro milk tea, and my friend got the honey milk tea.the taro milk tea is very popular in flushing, so I decided to try it out to see how it compares.. and it wasn't that great.I don't know if it's how the drink is supposed to be served, or if its because the maker of my drink added too much powder. but my drink was really bad.but my friends drink was outstanding, probably the best milk tea i've ever had.
ajwVxL2kJwOiV5Fik-24gA	dsh91PoFIn_gHCFEM0okHw	5	4	Still loving Sunflower after a year and a half.  I actually moved houses to be closer to this grocery store.  The staff have never complained about going an extra mile, the prices have stayed better than any store I've been to lately and they have been having great beer specials.Special note:  They have a large selection of homeopathic and environmentally sound products for your everyday corporal adjustments.  Tons of specialty soaps, herbal supplements and vitamins.  Check for the solution here before going to chain pharmacies!
rRlTFCOFmRC7EhOMyiAGig	pwpl-rxwNRQdgqFz_-qMPg	4	0	Excellent atmosphere, eclectic menu, and reasonable prices. Welcome to The Parlor! Pizza seems to be their specialty but the menu offers so much more. Friends swear by the duck club sandwich, and my wife loves the sausage pizza. If you visit during peak times expect a wait, but head to the bar for a drink until your table is ready. Staff is super friendly- our server forgot to deliver apps we ordered and made it right by providing free apps (equal value) for our next visit. He was apologetic and owned up to the mistake (he simply forgot to add to computer) - it happens but he handled it well. I'll be back!
U0JnlmQGQpzybrHD4VscUg	KLaxBc83JnxyGf7GP7enYA	4	0	Extremely friendly staff, very comfortable decor, and delicious food!  I enjoyed a sampling of a few different mezes and a greek salad - just wonderful!
psmnvVPbuXMWIpO6HqvItA	NH67MdKaFGNcP-dlu56pyw	4	0	I went again on Friday and YUM!  I got the same ginger chicken and it was just as delicious as before.  I need to venture out and try something else on the menu.
TdDAZBKQuNE-N7wr_IfF2g	pbVL3t783OyO701yK5W08g	5	1	Top notch cheesesteak. One of the best in the valley. This place has a large delivery area, and is located right by campus. The owners are really nice and friendly. I'm really glad something moved into this spot. It's so convenient. Their desserts are great as well. I wish they had some chicken options, but they are new and said they would be adding to the menu as time goes on. My girlfriend said the turkey sandwich was fantastic. They sometimes carry Tasty Kake, so ask about that. I've had the authentic cheesesteaks from Philly, and this tastes every bit as good if not better. It's definitely in my top 5 local cheesesteaks.Edit: Just ordered delivery - Lightning fast! This place is incredibly legit. I went with a cheesesteak with White American cheese instead of "wiz" this time - So incredibly good. They tossed in a new dessert they didn't have last time which was awesome. Their prices are really good and their food is so delicious. I'm a huge fan. I'm not kidding with this 5 star rating - I love this place. Rave rave rave...
A-wOtYNvykVyHT8015Chtg	Xbxve72Hp5cWWj96ThGNtg	2	1	I've been to three Pizza Picazzo locations, and this one absolutely blew,. The reason? Service with a capital S. I invited a very large group out to lunch (made reservations the day before).  The waitress was rude, rude, rude and completely incompetent. When someone asked how large the slices were, she answered 'regular." We kept waiting for her to laugh or smile, but she never did. It turned out "regular" was her answer to just about everything -- we now use "regular" as an inside joke at the office. She also kept us waiting AT LEAST an hour and a half for the check and was largely a mirage during the entire meal. Worst service EVER. Food was good (though I agree that it could be considered overpriced), but that was completely overshadowed by the horrible service.
5ExxIOu6P1OQ0Zg0OoQBeA	r3FHkf6lbmMUh3oPSrlIvw	1	0	Went to Fatburger with our family tonight and will not return. Average food. The burgers were average. The lettuce was wilted, the tomato was green, and nothing outstanding about the flavor. I'd say better options nearby are Joe's farm grill, In-n-out, or Culvers. Cleanliness was average. The floor was a little sticky and the beverage area was kept very neat. The kitchen appeared clean. Service was below average/horrible. The cashier was very unpleasant. We all ordered at the same time and the first half of the food came out about 15 minutes prior to the 2nd part. It was pretty slow. By the time we got the fries they were cold. The staff literally acted like they were a bunch of highschoolers who were annoyed that there were any customers who interrupted their hangout. I know this sounds harsh...it is. My experience was absolutely horrible. We will not be back and I don't recommend that you should either.
1mIrLeJ8X1du1eKwnfNS4w	rVUEZpHQfWI_3kt0lBwaxQ	5	1	I love this place.  Great food, great service from some of the nicest staff, and just a fun place to go.  It is also a place I like to meet people for happy hour.  They have a wonderful selection of beers, fantastic wines, and I have never once had anything but great food while eating there.
_pmYOW52o5wenplbAcu5wA	IVc23uY-36WUNYoIbz42Fg	4	7	Lame joke alert :Okay, I think I have switched over to Switch , I am finally making a switch to Switch  whew almost over , after you try Switch you'll never switch.  And done.Thanks for letting me get that out of my system.Lunch today was delightful. Mom and I were downtown playing around and we tried Switch for something new.  Glad we did.  Our server Matthew was helpful, courteous and efficient. He really made the good food stand out .  For being at the peak of lunchtime it was nice to see the restaurant wasn't packed but they were well prepared for the lunchtime crowd.Food was served fast without feeling rushed. Drinks were filled promptly without hovering.We had the Beef Galletta , a puff pastry with mushrooms, tender beef, brie , onions and a light sauce. Great size not too much but definitely filling.  Mom had chicken chop salad that looked fresh and tasty.  She really enjoyed it.   I look forward  to coming back and trying other items here.
lOvdXM6zXyzxpMxptY4PYw	EfmR4e1tmjC5_ZQOgfnYrg	5	9	Another great Italian find!My BF and I went to Roma Garden for dinner last night because he was given a gift certificate there from a friend.  We'd never heard of it, but we're always up for trying something new, especially with $50 towards our meal.  We pulled up to their strip mall location without expectations and we were both pleasantly surprised!When you walk in, the lighting and decor are welcoming and the staff is friendly and attentive.  It was a Thursday night and there were plenty of other guests in the restaurant, and there was a lively energy in the air.  After browsing the menu, I ordered one of the few 'Chef's Specials' of the night - tilapia with fresh veggies and pasta in a lemon caper sauce.  BF went with Pollo Parmagiana.  He had a glass of cabernet and I had pinot grigio... and voila - a warm bread basket arrived on our table at just the right time!We were both happy with our orders when they arrived as well... the fish was cooked just right and the sauce was tasty... good portions as well!  Although we were full, we decided to order a dessert to share - the homemade snow white chocolate tartufo - yum!  The perfect sweet ending to our meal.  In addition, we were each brought an after dinner drink of amaretto on the rocks, on the house.****I just have to share that I was pleasantly surprised that the women's restroom was clean, spacious, and had a fresh fragrance to it - I normally don't notice that, but I was impressed by this!In speaking to the waiter and the owner, we learned that this restaurant recently changed locations but they've been in business for over 15 years.  Gotta love the local businesses that last in the valley... we'll be back to support Roma Garden and enjoy their fine "Northern Italian Cuisine" without a doubt.  I suggest you go check it out also - bon appetito!
cORMKcZsMAwTNyh-vfGXDw	l-Xv5Kmg2gilJI3-DGVCqw	5	0	Love this place...can't beat it for a healthy meal. Tons of good options that are tasty without all the cheese.
8sZmxY20I7Z_ZtYCIRdNgg	1LSxfyNIUFbQb-Ej0FDGTw	5	1	We had a GREAT dinner there on Saturday.  We were celebrating my aunt's birthday, and we ordered from the regular and special menus.  I had a truly wonderful chicken Madiera, my hubby had meat loaf, which is always a "tell" for a good place, my uncle had fried haddock which was crunchy and not at all greasy, and my aunt also had the chicken Madiera, which was fork-tender.  We also had great service - attentive without being too much, and we completely enjoyed our meal.  We will definitely visit this location again.
Dla8VIa3kkGKIBVI0wazNg	bxpzP73A7gauvxFEyd_8xA	4	0	oh my, these are huge gyros.  somewhat scary looking at first.  not pressed in their cellar but good enough to find on a food cart in nyc.  simply can not beat the value if you are hungry for lunch.  they do need some greek coffee though.with all the i heart chicago wallpaper, you'd think they would have a plasma TV with my big fat greek wedding on repeat play,
4ZCt4Z2mMHxdvCnqtxBkGQ	Zy2vca7i9QFGRKa4m0C__A	1	4	Pho-yuck this place! I was tricked in to going here with promises of great Vietnamese. I was ready for a culinary adventure and what I got was a ride in the fright house. The Bánh xèo was so greasy I couldn't eat it, it was literally served on a plate of grease. The bun was about the same. It lacked flavor, the rice noodles were slimy, the spring roll was loaded with grease. I ordered some sort of plum soda drink and it had a cup of salt on the bottom of the glass.The service was horrible and I will not be back.
XbC1i3lXYMDlHS94S-FHJw	NH67MdKaFGNcP-dlu56pyw	4	3	Went here because of the reviews on Yelp,  very good.   Had the green papaya salad, great light taste and a very large portion with a few shrimp on top.   Had two types of curries and both of them were very tasty. I need more of that green papaya salad so I'll go back and try a few different things.
aJNeEzPuss8qEl1sTe710w	jfDBaBgwINrGYAo8p2MJ4g	3	0	Shaved noodles, shaved noodles, shaved noodles!  Am I too butt lazy if I only go for shaved noodles?  The dish ordered with the handpulled meant I had to hold chopsticks high into the air trying to separate a portion of noodles out onto our plates.  Not bad but wasn't special... but the shaved noodles, loved the chewy texture.  I unashamedly used my baby godson as an excuse to get a mini noodle pulling show at the window.I'm going to work my way thru the fresh fruit juice offerings...  I used to drink that daily while working as an expat in HK.  Speaking of which, the bathrooms are sooooo HK grand (Amy L, you and I think alike!)...Overall the stir fried dishes were a bit greasy and the flavors decent, but the draw here is the shaved noodles (can I plug this anymore?!) and the fresh fruit juice.
31Yf698M0Tz1fLeK5WQabQ	jqZKv-7F54guDLalXEjHxg	3	10	Meaty, beaty, big and bouncy!Add "beefy" and you've pretty much summed up your 5GB&F  experience!After detoxing this morning, I was really hungry...after all, I'm a pretty big and bouncy boy and when you lug this kind of tonnage up and down the canal, you're going to need some retoxing!And since it's Taco Tuesday, I thought a burger fest sounded about right!I needed to be up north anyway, so I texted my order (what a time and vexation saver that is!...two stars for 5GB&F right there) and it was ready, hot and juicy when I rolled in.The burgers and fries remind me of nothing so much as Wendy's of about 30 years ago...you know, when Wendy's was actually pretty good (not like now when, they consistently screw up your order and figuratively, literally throw your bag-o-food into your car as you idle by the pickup window).The burgers are OK, the fries are fresh and peanutty (no, really...fresh peanut oil...the fries taste peanutty!), and the Coke is, well, Cokey. The atmosphere is nice enough, all red and white checked and tons of "look at me" crap on the walls ("Best Fries in Hoboken!")The music was also reasonably pleasant (Men at Work..."I come from a land down under"...I shuddered a little bit at the part "and men chunder"...please, no chundering while I'm eating!).Anyway...I was able to purchase this little repast for a mere $11.83 (I saved a little by having the small fries).I know, Grind or Delux prices for a retro Wendy's burger!I'm no spendthrift, but I could feed a family of 6 at In-n-Out for $12...and with better burgers.But, 5GB&F filled me up, they had my burger ready to roll and they very nicely didn't mess up my order (but then again, how could they screw it up...they were ordered to prepare my burger by a computer...we know what happens when you don't do what a computer tells you...you "accidentally" ride over a cliff on your Segway, that's what happens!) And, in a nostalgic sort of way, they reminded me of how Wendy's used to be (complete with 70's music), and for that, a reasonable 3.25 stars.
X6DYb34KHjiLdwGy4r74RA	4sW8Z6NLXLRkruSKSKUEUw	4	2	I do enjoy this coffee shop, though admittedly it has largely subscribed to bohemian bloodletting since emerging from the former Willo House. They still present photographs, paintings, sculptures and more throughout the cafe, most, if not all, for sale. The clientele has changed, as has the interior. Regardless, it's still a nice place for coffee. For those who haven't been, it's set in an old house on the southeast corner of 3rd Avenue and McDowell. Personally, one of my favorite activities is to start here for coffee and take a walking tour in the area. It's one of the few neighborhoods in Phoenix with historic homes from the 1920s, which seem to be untouched by the authoritarian overlords of homeowner's associations so popular in suburbs. I could be wrong, as I don't live in the area. But, to stay on topic, the menu is a bit pricey but Hob Nob's has retained the Willo House's cozy, neighborly feel, though yes, over a few short years it transitioned from hippie to yuppie.
iQuKsiIwucQSJd-m0c4HBA	z3yFuLVrmH-3RJruPEMYKw	5	6	I'd been hearing about Defalco's for a while now. My husband, Jim W, and my youngest, Abby, raved. "Best steak grinda since Baston," they said. So, on an expedition to get more raw chocolate, we went.The first thing I noticed was that the tables were scattered among the racks of Italian foodstuffs. I loved that. The place screamed "Boston" from the moment we walked in the door. When we ordered, Jim found one of my favorite types of soda in the case, Doc Brown's diet black cherry. I was in heaven.So we got our number and sat down. While we were waiting - a short wait - I got a brilliant idea which solved a long-vexing problem. Guess it was the east coast vibe.The food came and I was in heaven. We split a steak sandwich and red potato salad. Jim likes everything and I just like onions so they gave him the mushrooms and peppers on the side. Lots of mushrooms and peppers. It didn't look like a ton of food but we certainly got enough to eat.What's not to like at Defalco's? The food is fabulous, the prices are good, the people are really nice, and they have all kinds of imported goodies. So I guess the only thing I didn't like about Defalco's was leaving.
xUz7NWXlO6jXnZ7oaP7RtA	1oFvqm7eSpJbVpxpPxueaA	2	0	I've been to multiple Buca di Beppo locations in several cities.  They are a good place to go with a large group.  We went to this location with a group of nine.  The menu was typical.  We ordered the seafood trio, which was nice, and the fried mozzarella, which was also good.  The Caesar's salad was also good.  We ordered pasta entree's and chicken, all of which were served up warm and in plentiful portions.  We left with a fair amount of food.  I would give the food four stars.  However, I would give the service one star.  Two in our party ordered cocktails.  Five of us ordered wine with dinner.  All drinks arrived together with our entrees.  We did not get enough dinner plates.  We did not get enough wine glasses, and had to wait for three more.  Three entrees arrived together, and we had to wait about five minutes for the fourth to arrive.  We had to ask three times for boxes to put our leftovers in.  We were never asked if we wanted dessert.  If the service were spot on, the rating would be much higher, but, I can't justify it.
RA1yIXNVlS1uy3ptLB2nuA	dcd3C1gWv-vVdQ9XYV8Ubw	5	1	Incredibly good calzones; friendly service, nice courtyard seating.
ox914gCFn8tM8KJf8hmSnQ	R8VwdLyvsp9iybNqRvm94g	5	0	Nic-nacs galore!
_jI6o9Dd-MDxXtOVxawOeA	_AvHni-xdRHmZ3XfYHwGkg	4	0	This restaurant is in my TOP-5 favorite restaurants of all-time!  ...The only reason I am not giving it 5-stars is because it is a real splurge, and it takes a pretty special occasion (and experience) to justify such an expensive meal.While in my personal experience at Posh, the quality (and "deliciousness") of the food I had definitely justifies the price-tag, it should - if the quality wasn't extraordinary, it wouldn't rank at all.You really do have to be an open-minded, mostly omnivorous eater to fully appreciate it though.  If there are ingredients or flavors that you don't much care for, it might be more challenging to assume that you will like everything you get.  It can be daunting, because you may get something that you don't like, but that is also part of the excitement (and the adventure of trying new things!)  You also may get something that you've never had done well before and find that you are a newly converted fan.  Also, though the wine parings are wonderful, if you are on a budget, skipping the wine is a good way to trim the bill.For the best experience, don't go when you are famished, and don't bring picky eaters with you - both will interfere with you having a completely satisfying experience.
F4ce5Dgnb8opwBxE-JHR8g	3EEVGDngt4DEhoOQZIUNUw	4	1	This was a very nice place to take your mother.  We both had a good lunch.  The service and iced tea were very good.  I felt like the food was high quality, but maby should have been priced 1 or 2 dollars less.  The patio was beautiful and very peaceful to visit with your lunch partner aka Mom.
OmcoLT0j_RrCuU3cl_BdVw	YKOvlBNkF4KpUP9q7x862w	4	5	There's a lot to love about The Mission.  The experience comes so close to 5-star that it makes me want to nit-pick about all the tiny things that fall juuuust short so they can fix them for my next visit!The Bar: What a lovely, refreshing Basil margarita!  It was just sweet enough without being syrupy.  But bartender, why is getting a recommendation out of you like pulling teeth?The Food: Excellent table-side guacamole; it lived up to the very high expectations set by all the other reviewers.  My dinner partner's Hangar Steak was very juicy for such a thin cut and the dressing from the tomatillo salad give the whole dish a tangy, acidic bite.  My Chorizo Porchetta was very unique and flavorful, but a little more sauce would've saved it from being slightly dry.  I love though how the star of the entrees really is the meat here, the portions were generous and the sides were an accompaniment, not a competitor.***Almost forgot about the pumpkin bread pudding we shared!  He loved the scotch-carmel sauce which I thought was too sweet.  I loved the moist, fragrant bread which he thought was missing pumpkin-y spice.  To each their own!The Atmosphere:  It's a gothic romance come to life with beautiful dark metal chandeliers, warm, glowing salt bricks, and dim lighting.  I just wish the table of 6 old men talking golf wasn't sooo close.  A little more room between tables would complete the intimate decor.The Service:  I have no complaints here!  Our server was excellent and never overwhelming, the lady who made our guac was all charm, and kudos to the chef who sent us complimentary street corn (yummy by the way).  A note on the street corn: I felt like this was a dish that would've won the Top Chef competition where they had to re-invent convenience store food.  The grilled, slightly salty & crunchy corn topped with creamy spicy cheese sauce beats any AM-PM nachos I've ever had! :)Lots of wonderful food still to try here.  I will be back very soon for brunch with mom!
E6AjU_CgVAqVDl_ve9PnyA	H7KzlC0-o1wIhlGg-Me5Ag	1	1	omg...hands down the worst chinese food I've ever had anywhere.  Stopped by for lunch with my wife.  I ordered their cashew chicken dish and my wife ordered the pad thai noodles with shrimp.  Barely edible.  Makes Panda Express look like gourmet chinese food.  Prior to Flo's, the distinction of the worst chinese food went to a chinese restaurant in Nebraska...but that's Nebraska.  I'm chinese and live in San Francisco so know a thing or two about good chinese food.
uHp4VoPz8GU0Qt4pCgPuLw	6FGwEHnoD-mM-PiXrhxOlw	4	0	You'd think it would be easier to find good Chinese take-out but it's not..  Luckily, Great Wok fits the bill.  It's not super expensive, they give you a ton of food and it's really good!  I usually get the General Tso's chicken and it's hot, covered in sauce and cooked right.  The beef and broccoli is good too.  It's a typical small Chinese food joint in a strip mall so the dining room isn't anything special.  I stick with take-out.
jGqbHG0AUGFu95RUioNy_A	rZbHg4ACfN3iShdsT47WKQ	5	1	Delicious barbecue, we had 4 meats platter that we split with three people.  The pulled chicken is amazing, the brisket tender and juicy, the ribs succulent and flavorful, best barbecue around.  The sides were delicious as well, mac & cheese was great, mashed potatoes did not disappoint, ranch beans aren't anything special but they tasted good.  Service was great, waiter was attentive to our needs and accommodated a last minute switch after already putting in the order. Atmosphere is good, not too noisy/quiet, the lighting could be improved though, a single bulb above the table barely allows you to see what you are eating, though the food wasn't there long enough to be seen:)Highly recommended to someone looking for great barbecue ribs, chicken, brisket, etc.
e5Ga90pFpQFhEe_vKlyhkw	KDfmJTIG-z6W6cl4YC-WDA	3	0	I so wish you could do 3 1/2 stars.  i would give it. Not bad chinese.  NYC style.  If you have lived in or around NYC you would completely understand.I LOVE the Fried Dumplings.  SO GOOD!!  Highly recommend them.  Pork Lomein is good to.   Take out for sure.  Not really a place to sit and eat.  you can do it but it is more geared for take out.
uMTrZsAO-U1IXZeMDo-U5g	v68yAIw0gpn15xwtcR_rKg	4	1	This Dutch Bros had some of the best customer service I've ever seen from a young guy working on a holiday (Memorial Day). I ordered an Americano which was excellent and just the right proportions. My wife had a soy chai latte which was just a little too sweet, but still good.Overall, it was an experience I would recommend, and it's staying on our list of go-to places as we explore our new neighborhood.
S1EvUj_NI7bjFhjLSZDhxA	mWFA3S-h2_bEvjDJP-11wg	4	0	Starbucks is Starbucks when it comes to the coffee and food, but the staff at this location are particularly helpful and nice. One offered to help me decide on what drink to choose, and promised that if I did not like it, he would make me another one free of charge. The seating is a bit limited because the place is somewhat small, but other than that, an above average cookie cutter Starbucks.
OcKg7311fpbZAP53cGd01Q	GV1P1x9eRb4iZHCxj5_IjA	3	1	I had the Potato Balls, they were larger than i expected (i'm used to the likes of Portos) but i was not discouraged from attempting to take them in all at once, alas i failed.. but i was a happy camper.
FgTpNPkTfwm4ILPreidgFQ	GRFunGSUZxXqNCZJrN8Oow	5	0	Lovely outdoor seating area, very dog friendly. Don't sit in the back of the outdoor seating area because it smells like propane back there. Had some coffee and just hung out for a couple of hours. It was a pleasant experience. Didn't order food this time but next time I will, because every dish that came by looked magnificent! All of the prices on the menu looked very reasonable for the portion.
UPmCFEhZwAKOX2__tYgxRg	sbsFamEj5wDxNAjUKrMcSw	1	7	We checked out RnR on Sunday (just a few days after opening.) In all fairness, I have to agree with many of the other reviews. Even though they are new, these things are fixable so hopefully the feedback will be taken in the appropriate vein. The building is very cool and the vibe was energetic on a sunny Sunday morning. There was an abundance of waiters but they seemed to be confused and frenetic without a real focus on the customer. The menu is very limited and our server had not eaten most of the items. He was struggling to explain. Our drinks took more than 15 minutes to arrive even though we saw them sitting at the bar for the entire time. Our water had just disappeared. Then the food. I ordered the grill cheese ( a rare treat and when I order it I want it good!). It was cold and overwhelmed by heavy bread. The cheese wasn't melted. I sent it back and they simply nuked it and brought it out. Icky. Our son wanted a kids cheeseburger and the staff kept coming back and forth not sure if there was a single burger or sliders for kids. It became comical after the third person came out. My husband ordered a salmon omelet with several additional fixings. The eggs tasted like box eggs and it was lackluster and flavorless. We even took the time to provide feedback to management but we got a weak smile and "come back and try us again." He made no effort to "make things right" either by comping something else to taste or providing an incentive to come back. There are too many restaurants in town to have to go to one that is less than mediocre. The young crowd may enjoy it for the bar vibe it gives but the majority of the tables on Sunday am were families or middle aged and we saw similar responses at other tables.
r1zdRc_ZfYqu16BB6TlMdw	08OcGan0xiT6I_oJ2loLMA	4	0	Love shopping here! It's pricey, so I don't do my regular grocery shopping at this place, but it has a lot of unique, gourmet options. It's a fun splurge!
-3j0mEzgdl57_PKfnmw3wQ	1NZLxU5WvB5roPFzneAlLw	5	0	This place is such a delightful treat. Not only is the Barrio Cafe in what some Phoenicians would called the actual barrio, but it's non-descript on the outside and purely magical within. Not terribly difficult you keep your eyes peeled, Barrio Cafe is one of the best Mexican restaurants in Arizona and is a must try for any Phoenix local. You really can't go wrong with anything on their menu, although their seafood offerings are my least favorites. I am in love with their conchita pibil, which is their slow-roasted pork and they have the best made-at-the-table guacamole in all of Phoenix. Their food is the kind of special occasion dinner that you and all your guests will be savoring every morsel, but save room for one of their delectable desserts! I'm a fan of their flan, in particular. Service is spot on and it's usually pretty packed, so come as early as you can or face a semi-long wait at the bar. Don't worry though, they've got great margaritas. This is the place Tempe's Mucho Gusto wished it could be some day. But it probably won't.
9IoWmskJG2sz7hEFAfqV3g	EKzMHI1tip8rC1-ZAy64yg	4	7	House of Tricks is a great place for dinner if you're looking to go out for a special occasion. It's not somewhere I'd go on any given night, seeing as how the bill is about $100 for a dinner for two. I appreciated the menu having a good deal of seafood on it, as I don't eat any red meat. We had the scallops as an app. - while the serving was small (as expected), the scallops were the prettiest ones I have ever seen! For dinner I had the ahi tuna - it was WAY bigger than I expected, I couldn't even finish it - but my date didn't hesitate to finish it for me. We sat outside as the sun was setting. The atmosphere was pretty much perfect except for one thing. We were seating next to the concrete wall separating the restaurant from the street. If you're sitting at the tables next to the wall, I'd say it comes up to your elbows. Anyway, there were ants crawling all over the wall and it made me kind of uncomfortable and itchy. Our server was a young guy who could have washed his shirt a few times before wearing it again. Otherwise, he was pretty cool - sort of a 'no sense of urgency' kind of server - but we weren't in too much of a hurry anyway.
HQUI88wG-rKVwGuMkuhZZA	DmkTDze8ruJr6o2f5GAvJA	3	9	I am slightly confused as to what this place is.Is it a coffee shop? yes.Is it an ice cream parlor? well..yes.Is it an antechamber for the hair salon upstairs? kinda.Seemingly the Pink Spot *giggle* is trying to be a few things at once, and vaguely succeeding at those goals.I like the Pink Spot *giggle* for a number of reasons:-location-convenience-ambience-selectionIn all honestly it isnt the best coffee shop that the area offers, but It's another option- and that my friends, is a corner stone of capitalism: consumer choice.Now I won't be making the Pink Spot *giggle*, my local haunt, that spot belongs to Lola, and I would never cheat on my beloved tranny. But for those special nights when I get the strange urge for simultaneous brain freeze and a scalded tongue, i'll go down on the Pink Spot...*giggle*
s_Axvp77G4vYn-l86Y9qrg	vWnlScr9y2F6_ctDJZ6XLg	4	0	I actually have grown to love this little place. Their coffee is good; their breakfast burritos are absolute heaven. Made with provolone cheese, these burritos have a more mellow and sophisticated taste than the average breakfast burrito you'll find drowned in yellow cheese.You can get a Big Ass Burrito, or a Half Ass Burrito. Personally, I don't like to do anything "half-assed", so I opt for the Big Ass Burrito that, although adds circumference to MY big ass, is soooo worth it in the morning when you want a laid back spot to enjoy your meal and coffee (go for the iced).They also have an art exhibit /sale right now for the month of September with awesome aviation pictures printed on canvas. Amazing art to enjoy as you sip your coffee.
_Bqoydi_j47Nwj5eQS7QqA	lktu5JPDlQUG-7cV7gOzDQ	4	3	Cartel is a coffee world unto itself for downtown Tempe, which is void of many non-alcoholic places to hang out.  Situated in what seems to be a motel from the outside and a garage on the inside, Cartel can satiate your brass tax coffee fix and your espresso lust for reasonable prices.  The coffee is great.  Period.  They roast the beans themselves, know way too much about coffee and are proud.  The espresso, in whatever form you get it in, is rich and nutty.  The toddy (cold brewed iced coffee) is strong to the point of me jittering out the door from a small one.  The teas are various and steeped in a cool manner and timed according to their type.  The vibe can come off a little pretentious sometimes with all their rules and such, but they are selling a great product and the rules help distinguish them from the crowd.I like to hangout here for an hour every week or so, good people watching, the pretentious guy behind the counter is good to listen to if you want to hear people getting so-so advice that they didn't ask for and my professors come here so it is a good place to catch them not in work mode.My only complaint is that they need to find a way to get a bike rack closer to the door.  My only other complaint is that they could have more snacks available, I would love to dip something baked in their coffee.
QKwo9xyYIiI6gdbCnFCKhA	qecLHHzAwgkkeA1bG81vmw	4	1	3 stars for a great happy hour. 1 extra star for having happy hour 7 days a week (from 3pm-7pm). If more places did happy hour every day of the week, I'd be drinking and eating all the time...oh, wait. Anyway, here's the happy hour download: -Wine by the glass: $2 off-Domestic bottles: $3-Draft beers: $4-Sangria: $4-Specialty Cocktails: $7In addition, they also have multiple food items at the $4, $6 and $8 price points. We sampled the "Lemoncello" (in quotes because it should be "Limoncello" - note to management) martini as well as the Grapefruit Basil Fizz. Both were delicious, although the basil one was definitely the best. For food, we had the spinach artichoke dip and the arancini (rice balls). Neither was amazing but a great value for the money. I thought the service was attentive and efficient, although the food runners needed to learn which spot at the bar was which table number since they kept delivering other people's food to us. Finally, while this has zero impact on my review, there is a very bizarre picture of a dark-haired shirtless man with dark chest hair in a very flirtatious pose hanging in the women's restroom. As my Facebook friend pointed out, it looks more like bad 80s porn than restaurant wall art. While entertaining, it probably makes sense to replace with some generic pic of the Colosseum or something!
cq4ZcJwr-MUYgxLuWElA2g	Pfb6VOIiroqDWOebfgWGPQ	5	2	PCG is the restaurant by which I judge all others. PCG is totally dependable, always excellent. Service is always good, food excellent. i have eaten here probably 20 times and have never had a bad meal. Although the food is not "challenging" in that there are no weird flavors or textures, if you want a great nouvelle American meal for a reasonable amount of money, you need look no farther than here.
p95EFdew2gfMyJhC0IS2Nw	3Q7vtF_cdHGyp2JOlKcu-Q	5	0	cant go wrong with a Double Double, fries, and a shake! Always good. Great service. I got some cold fries once, called the corporate office, they sent out some gift cards for our meals, then followed up with a thank you card as well. Not to mention they sent a coupon in a Xmas card that year. You
7kWWBMZnuesf4osMqvxHtg	CRvVvR6aE1eWVRtzQ0UC6g	4	0	Great great great tacos!I go to a restaurant for the food first.  As long as it is clean, and Lulu's is, then sitting in, what looks like a used McDonalds booth, doesn't bother me a bit.  Afterall, it's a taco shop!I like the fish tacos (the small ones) and I usually order 3 of them.  I like how they are made and it reminds me of what you can normally find in Mexico, not at these chain restaurants.The Ceviche tostada is really good too, but is difficult to eat, so don't wear your sunday best.Not in the mood for fish, then try the carne asada tacos or any other kind for that matter.Lulu's is a great place and a break from the Americanized Mexican Food, we see everyday.Enjoy it for what it is!
QhRnY1Rz-zvsY66mgrW2sw	uEJQSIjWui-TDWXaGlcqyQ	4	1	I tried to give full marks to Lolo's having heard all the hype. Realize that I am coming from Louisiana and also New York City where one can obtain the namesake specialty rather easily and in variations.Instead of telling you all the cliche things that you will need to know about Lolo's, I am going to tell you why ultimately I did not "drink the kool-aid on a  5 star rating.  Better pricing is the missing star.  I found the place to be on the expensive side for what you get.  It is perhaps a part of my relationship towards this home cooking that makes me feel this way.  But please note:  Service was great...but don't plan on being in and out for a quick lunch unless to do a to go order... Also, these waffles are wonderfully flavored.  I detected a nice hint of vanilla and a touch of cinnamon.  The chicken is nicely seasoned...nothing greasy about this batch.  I will also say that if you are not used to Kool-Aid, or if you are like me and used to be able to water that thing down until the original colour had faded by simply adding batches and batches of sugar to it.... You will be in for a diabetic shock! Here's what to do: Ask for a side glass of water and then inject some of the kool-aid into the water.  My favorite is grape drink!!!  I am hoping to get back to Lolo's to try their gizzards.  I had the basics on this trip and it is really worth the return trip.  Bring your friends and go and eat late there on Friday night!
AOTSm0ttv6VTWYTHkOdSnQ	2bdKR3l4o-S1CscLqqnvVw	1	0	Bad quality ingredients. I ordered a red curry beef and the beef was awful, hard, I tried to chew it for a minute and decided to give up.
-iEBSKeCRLo7xPww6C8T_w	rDvz5jX65gpfONFu7er9Tw	5	1	My son comes here for the tacos but I am all about the chile relleno.  I never had one with potatoes inside, but oh my, this was the best!  My only recommendation would be to order it dry, with the sauce on the side.  I am counting the days until I get back to AZ.  The new location is so much closer to us, I plan on trying all of their menu, but....but... that chile relleno is ....calling....me.......! The tacos were very very good though.
kHmQ4IJQGm7dOfOtSGrhnQ	8SjO3b-87uN2jXVXYNn47g	5	2	I've learned to expect very little from airport restaurants.  Now I've been ruined - I went to Blanco and my paltry expectations were blown out of the water. Prompt and attentive service, flavorful and delicious food, and a delightful assortment of drink options.  I'll have to connect through Phoenix for the rest of my life. I had the grilled shrimp salad, which was fresh, flavorful, and filling. I also had the sangria, which was pretty good. My friends had tacos (fish and carnitas); they practically licked their plates clean.  Try the rice - it is a rich and delectable treat. An added bonus: They were patient as we sat for three hours waiting for our connecting flight. If I ever find myself in this airport again, you can be sure I'll make my way here.
5mWSXhdN8k6ZrTIWCBzD6w	-h-q6zTIdPlkz9BDP11sBg	5	1	What a wonderful restaurant. I can't believe each dish is 475 calories or less and the portions are still a good size. No sauces, no bread, no fries. The fish tacos were delicious, succulent, with just the right amount of spiciness. The grilled, boneless rainbow trout was fantastic. The pane seared, sushi-grade Ahi Tuna salad was to die for. And leave room for dessert....yes dessert. Only $2.50 but arrives in a shot glass size bowl. just enough to stave off the sugar craving.The decor is elegant and sophisticated. Great for an executive power lunch or a date to impress. menu changes 4 times a year and features local, fresh, in 'season' food. Very inventive menu starting mainly around $9 (flatbreads and sandwiches) to $16 for lunch. Wait staff is knowledgeable and attentive.Great food, great atmosphere, great for your waist line. But even if you're not a calorie counter this still ranks right up there for the food quality, taste and presentation.
RaWAU0yBTffXrOzPRAEnWg	w19cemjVR8u02PgjFpJ7Mw	3	1	Their beef gyro's are delicious!  Great portions for what you pay.  And their falafel is really good too.  Not a great portion it seems for an order of hummus, we got like one piece of pita.  Just didn't seem to be much there.  We always do carryout, and either the bartender is really nice and funny, or just werent very friendly.
viX90WUMQ_jRTK_FTQYszw	uEJQSIjWui-TDWXaGlcqyQ	5	1	Maybe it was the authentic Gospel music in the background, but our ears were filled with a heavenly chorus as we feasted upon the sacred, and until this morning unknown, pairing of chicken and waffles--a combination rivaled by only bread and wine in it's ability to induce a religious experience.
09WZtQfWc2PO5LQ-uuUoag	PLLM4iCYy_OrT-53IZ88Qw	2	2	Phoenix is lacking in good Indian restaurants, and that is compounded if you're in the mood for South Indian food. Cafe Krishna is a perfect example. I would come here again on occasion only because I often crave South Indian and there are no superior alternatives. I ordered the sambar-vada. The vada was not as hearty or flavorful as I would ordinarily expect. It was also served somewhat lukewarm. The chutneys were mediocre. The vada was a bit too soft for my liking. Dosa is harder to screw up, so I enjoyed that a bit more, but still nothing out of this world. The service was poor, unprofessional and a bit chaotic. The environment and atmosphere were good. I was not impressed by the cleanliness of the bathrooms, which for me is always a bad sign for what must be the cleanliness level of the kitchen.
2RYm11CFei503KuwXihT6w	V6BYjHM9SnXscfkln3hCdA	2	2	What happened to my sunday love the Orange Table? First off I have been going to this restaurant for sunday brunch forever (they have delicious mimosa's). However recently a friend of mine and I decided to grab some quick and yummy dinner here. The portions of the appetizers they are now serving to their patrons is just sad. The brie app I so love at this place was enough for two bites per person,which i assume they thought was ok because they cut up like two apples for us. If i were interested in cut up apple for an app i would have stayed home and eaten one, not gone to a restaurant and payed $10.00. The rest of the meal was just mediocre  to say the least, for a restaurant that only serves sandwiches you would think they would be absolutely incredible. The service that night was pathetic the staff there seemed less than eager to be working for Orange table. Will not be in a hurry to get back, especially when next door AZ88 has delicious food and the staff are happy and upbeat!!
fgEMK0d0upxfalu9JFOYTg	K2_Hmmo5crTYWiT_1sWnfQ	3	0	This place is solid...solid...solid...plus its right across the street from my job...the crunchy tacos with chicken, corn salsa, pico de gallo, green salsa, cheese, lettuce and guacamole...yum yum yum...I love their salad dressing so I like to put it on my tacos too!  It is very busy during lunch so expect there to be a line...but do not worry they move quickly and it will not take too long!  They are very friendly there and I cannot complain about a thing...I just cannot say it compares to some of my 4 and 5 star reviews.
pFZNL92ukdwwBUfxd1kD3w	nvaAUTTl7oqiJDhuimNG6A	4	1	If you're looking for a good meal with solid service you'll find it here.  The menu has something for everyone, too.  If you like to go out for lunch or brunch, this is a great place to go.  Friendly, fast staff helps make the experience that much better.
exAq-cDua-q--O0TfaEtig	CKjcewWeWvdJ7TzOQbZOIw	4	2	This is was, WAY out of the way for me. But when I heard about That's Amore, I just had to try it. What can I say, I love gelato! Anyway, one afternoon I talked the kids into a Sunday drive with cool gelato as the reward.While That's Amore gelateria is located in a strip mall (what in Arizona isn't?), the taste and style are pure Italian. Credit the fact that it is owned and operated by two sisters and their husbands who emigrated to Scottsdale from Italy. The murals of Italian cities on the back wall were even painted by their father, who they brought to the valley for just that purpose. How cool is that? It might not make the gelato taste better, but it almost made a ride to Pinnacle Peak feel like a trip to Napoli instead.
xNPp5mEWC5EzUbu4fB2RPg	d3MxUXS1b6U2P_gGuCO1-A	4	3	Mmmmmmm butterrrrr. I'm speaking specifically of the Edamame with truffle butter. We probably could have eaten a few orders of these. Sugar cane pork. Ohhh yes. Falls of those teeny little bones right into my mouth. Very finger foody. Delicious. Spicy "Sirring" Shrimp. Comes out sizzling and spicy and delicious. As the server mentioned, "Sirring" isn't a real word, but who cares!These three were the stars of the five tapas that we chose. I cant really remember the other two, so they clearly weren't that great. The atmosphere is cute, artsy and pretty comfortable. The music was a little low, so we could hear the conversations of the couples on either side of us pretty easily. Kinda awwwwkwaaaard. I would for sure return.
Yn2priuHe62bh0IhqG68LA	ytcm2DXuJWKPTqCtr6uJ4A	5	1	If I were to ever get hooked on crack... I would want my crack to be these amazing donuts! They are delicious and addicting.
7asKG4Bt_PXDE_5SZ1TxFw	-sC66z4SO3tR7nFCjfQwuQ	3	0	The last three times I have been here, the hostesses have been so incredibly rude I have to update and ding them a star. The last time was the last straw and we just left turned around and left.Yes, you work at a popular property. That does not entitle you to be rude and nasty. It's weird as it seems to limited just to the front of the house. The waitstaff is usually great, food is great, and cocktails are top notch.Whoever is running this place, its time for a sit down with your girls in the front.
Ny3ex7Iu7l_ScfwsYMgpuQ	x84ho2JtSqp3ZJ624Gj7kA	2	1	I really wasn't impressed with the service or the food.
08d24-DGFhaGVqkI6TaqQA	IDcXqa_9baqO286SdGHB7A	5	1	Great Mom/Pop store! We've stopped by several times for some fresh produce and to get treats for the kids. We usually sit outside on one of tha picnic tables to eat gelato, while the kids love playing/petting all the animals. Thanks!
dzAwZL5AELxjhlP0fm7foQ	3YrW77yHkp3JIyTGYCS_Nw	1	2	There was hair in the food. Not just 1 but 2 in the same Bhel Puri dish.The whole experience was pretty bad. There is no indication of how you order your food and when you finally figure it out the food does not taste good. We checked sodas on the order sheet and when no sodas showed up we asked if we were supposed to go and find our own sodas from the front of the store and were told that that was the case.Also the guy at the counter is down right dismissive.Pani Puri was OKPapdi Chaat - boring, no flavorBhel Puri - boring and no flavor before we found the hairsNot worth the trip.
nFGjVwIcpNi98KBzpUmF5A	eXxULzJRIutN6wF1mQH2Tw	4	1	During the work week I have to eat out for lunch quite a bit and I get tired of paying 10+ for lunch. I remembered hearing something about Boston Market having a $5 lunch special so I figured I would go check it out... Finally there is a place that has good, somewhat healthy and well priced lunches! Your choice of carver sandwich with soup/salad and a drink, they have soup and salad and I can't remember the others but it was a pretty nice selection. You pay more at McDonald's for a combo and this is way better! If you are out and about for lunch I would highly recommend going here. I'm sure most people have eaten here before so the food won't be a big surprise but the price is GREAT! This will definitely be a go to for me.
bw7qfhQvm6JFo-G_gChl5Q	H91jZ9BiQZZ4_7OlEd6eQg	4	0	Quality offering at a reasonable price? Check.Burgers fresh and cooked the way they were meant be cooked? Check.Great fries- 2 kinds no less? Check.This is a tweener restaurant-perfect for a great casual dinner. Not too expensive. Not cheap and greasy. Just right for that one day of the week when you want something in between.Enjoy.
uxGRX_l3OgbAtBjUP9qu3g	OdD1GuGNQ64ssJmMJ_D9RQ	2	5	This is a cool place for low key hanging out, killing time, chatting and relaxing with friends.  It is NOT a good night spot and doesn't work as an event venue like they seem to be trying to make it.I've attended 2 events there and its basically a disaster in trying to make your way through the 200-300 patrons they bring in.  You get funneled in past the food trailer into the bar area which is packed with people standing among several oversized tables.  Only if you've been there before can you figure out that you can walk towards the boxing ring past the crowd to get behind the stage and into the retail area.  Once there you have to get a spot among the wares to watch the back (or the side) of the show that is going to take place facing the bar.  Both times I stood the entire night with my drink next to a display of $50 t-shirts.  Very nerve wracking and annoying.1.  The old timey way they make drinks is very cool and the drinks are delicious but I have waited now 35 and 45 minutes each on different nights to actually get a single mixed cocktail.  Its insane how slow it is.2.  There are rules to what you can get at which station.  One spot is just wine.  Another spot is just mixed drinks.  Lemonade - oh thats a different place entirely.  3.  They use the boxing ring as the "stage" for shows.  Very hard to view the show there because of the odd angle its at.  Both times I've had to stand in the retail area while the performers faced the seating/bar area (which only seats about 75 people).To pay more than $10 to see a performance at this place is outrageous.  If the owners want to be an event venue they could do it simply by doing some rearranging and investing in some more seating.
EnIeH7-Chvf2RKj3q2EHcg	sbsFamEj5wDxNAjUKrMcSw	4	1	I have been to RnR a couple times. Once during the NBA finals/happy hour. It was easy to get a good seat in front of a tv, the waiter was super friendly and the drink specials and food were pretty good. Nothing to really write home about.Then I went to RnR for brunch and the waffles with apple butter has put this place on my Fav Breakfast Places list. Not only did it taste amazing but the portion size was perfect and it looked damn pretty. If only the mimosa price there was pretty, doesn't everybody have cheap mimosas?
ONeZqYTFWlmq99DgFeABEg	CvRGjwCsrQs1DYYL3z8R7g	1	0	I had never been to Rainforest Cafe and I'm glad that I got to try it because I love trying things at least once; however, this will also be my last time going there. We'll start from the beginning: The atmosphere was nice for the "jungle" but it was so loud that I could not hear my wife talking to me. I felt that I had to scream at her to talk. Our waitress was nice but didn't check on us often. We barely understood her either because she speak loud enough. We got our drinks (ten mins later) and my iced tea was good but my wife's chocolate shake was gross. Too much chocolate syrup and it was expensive!! We sent it back so she could get water another 10 mins later. Food delivery was quick and my burger was pretty good but it was plain and $12!! Jeez, so expensive for something so plain!!! I got onion rings for an extra few dollars (they were okay but worth the extra few $$$). My wife got an extra plate of fries and they were a few bucks but they didn't give her more than ten! I like the atmosphere of the restaurant and the theme but they are completely over priced!!!! Not worth it at all! The food was mediocre but left me sick that night. Not as amazing as I thought it would be after seeing it many times in Vegas...
XE-YKyZ61oBfluP-XVddCw	2mcmuAvpNIJuV3gV0v9v2A	3	0	This was my go to Vietnamese restaurant for pho and rice plates not because it's my favorite but because of convenience. Pho Avina is closer to me but that place is terrible so I end up going to this place. It also helps that LeeLee Supermarket is one street over so I get a Viet fix and my Asian needs shopping in one trip. The pho and com tam is average. The service is fast and friendly enough. I do find it a big stingy that they don't bring out the bowl of broth/soup before you get your rice plate unless you ask for it. All in all this place is fine if you just want an average meal; nothing to rave about here. If I felt like driving farther, I'd definitely hit up Pho Van in Chandler for pho or Com Tam Thuan Kieu in Mesa for com tam.
TbhbsMrRtLijF7sysHELVw	muCl5p-9ut1sY0aKeUeRhw	4	1	I have to give major kudos to our server here. We rolled up at 9p per the Yelp listing happy hour times. Come to find out that 9 is the weekday happy hour and Fri/Sat's happy hour doesn't start until 10. We we're okay with this but our server spoke to the manager without us even complaining or asking him to and honored the 9p happy hour because of the Yelp listing. Now to the food and drink. If you love cheese, their cheese menu was very large. We got several of the cheeses, the Tres Freres was my favorite (non-happy hour item though). The pork empanadas are a must and the happy hour drinks were very good as well. The strawberry sunset martini was very yummy. I'd say the happy hour items are where it's at overall. The food was great the drinks were good. Really given their menu and atmosphere I was really surprised that it wasn't more busy. It's kind of sad to see many of the Phoenix area restaurants kind of dead at 9pm on a Friday night. I'm guessing if it were located in Scottsdale that would be a different story.
VWhQ07IB_VvCTQJL0uEt-A	WNy1uzcmm_UHmTyR--o5IA	4	2	Oh god. It's like GOD'S VERY OWN HOT POCKET. Fresh, delicious, and cooked perfectly, though I have trouble bringing myself to get anything but The Pilgrim (served with turkey, cubed sweet potatoes, onions, and deliciousness). Cornish Pasty is great, though you'll likely want to consider takeout: it's TINY and finding a table can be a real pain.The staff is fun and helpful, even though they're quite harried, and the oven-roasted potatoes are fantastic, as are nearly all of the pasty options, all priced damn well, to boot. If you've never been, they'll almost certainly have something you like. My only problem is that nothing is customizable: they're all served as is, which I understand from a production standpoint, but which frustrates for the number of menu items with just one dealbreaking ingredient for me.Overall, it's exceedingly easy to be a regular, and to feel VERY full, careful not to eat the crimped part of the pasty, just like the tin miners of yore so as to avoid the traces of arsenic from their dirty hands.
HK_VGoXkZmzmj2yrn8c_yA	27hfvE5DcOY3J1-MWbTU9Q	2	1	I shouldn't have judged this place so soon. They are local to my apartment, they do deliver for $2.90, but I've been back 3 times since my first review and I'm getting bummed out here.A few weeks back my boyfriend and I wanted to get a little buzzed at home, so we decided on streets of new york to deliver us some grub. We went with pasta. My boyfriend got the spaghetti with meat balls, and I got the meat ravioli. Ah I really hate to say this, but I would have had a better time eating a can of Chef Boyardee. I don't know what is up with their "beef/sausage" but it always has a funny taste to it. Kind of like when you re-heat a hamburger in the microwave. That taste. I was less than impressed. The salad it came with was decent, and I'd go back just for the bread, but even with a buzz I wasn't enjoying my pasta. The boyfriend agreed it lacked flavor and was 'off'. Then yesterday we decided to have another one of these nights, and do the Pizza instead since our pizza was good the first round. I got chicken and pepperoni on mine, and he got sausage. They charge extra for chicken. Um.. I don't really understand why. The chicken is breaded chicken strips that they just cut up and threw on the pizza. I wasn't impressed AT all. The sausage on my boyfriends pizza tasted weird and sweet like.... I don't know what's up with this place!So I say if you're going to go with one of their pizzas, definitely get a coupon and stick to the basics. I suggest the bacon, or pepperoni.
n-MKaPksVzxBoTlda0gYzA	5nahZe5bBYUbFWgEfwoNOA	5	0	Thank you Sunflower for having a decent selection of tofu and fake meats so I don't have to drive 25 minutes to Whole Foods. Also I would like to tell you that I really enjoy your produce prices and your friendly staff, especially the cashiers, they are always so pleasant and helpful. While I am at it I should probably apologize for "sampling" lots of your candy from the bulk item bins, those chocolate covered peanut butter filled pretzels are amazing, I promise I always use the scoop. And one more thing, it's really awesome that you carry beers brewed by Rinkukiu Alaus Darykla, the Lobster Lover is DELICIOUS!
fZ6ktQYONjrOcK4SjTxS8w	gUt-pPUpOVVhaCFC8-E4yQ	5	2	Private Karaoke at Geisha A Go Go is the coolest thing to hit Old Town in a while!!   My girlfriends and I went this weekend and it was incredible. I have heard a lot about karaoke being the new trend but not until I actually experienced it for myself did I understand why, until now. We had a private room with a flat screen TV and drinks at the flip of a switch (um, can you say bachelorette party?!).  It was so nice to have a night out without actually having to wait for drinks at a crowded bar or being able to hang out with your friends without random guys interrupting with a cheesy line to try to talk to you. It was $75 for an hour in a private room with 10 of my best friends. And by the time you split that between everyone it was well worth the extra expense. Seriously once you try it you will be hooked too! I can't wait to go back!
9kM1TcS3XWOYxe6-rYZ0PA	c8XlQvVNwKhH9BOHEObtNQ	4	0	I love this place!! Great food and service..portions are Hugh..
Wv2aN1KONDstohMR_lWWzw	3l72FflaaeI0tWEAWN3-gQ	5	0	There is no shortage of Mexican restaurants in AZ and this one is one of the tops on my list.  It's not your average Mexican fast food.  It's a little more pricey but well worth it.  Their bean and cheese burrito is so good (they say no lard and I don't know what else they use to make it good).  Their carne asada and pastor tacos are done to perfection.  I stop by whenever I pass by this place.
-xSNmV9r8vzsi8OIBK-_QA	0ONypOKIhttBz9IJzBE8jg	3	0	Excellent food, top-notch service, exorbitantly priced.  Not for budget minded diners...
_2FCV5-xP7TdHmRS3mmV1g	zG_wv69bsllw_PWhOmoAKQ	2	6	My wife and I had reservations there last night.  Poor choice! Not a bad place to eat, but a terrible dining experience. Parking was an issue. Despite our early reservations, the only parking available was in the next lot over. One had to traverse an earthen embankment and a grubby alley to get to the place. Tell your companion to wear something other than high heels!I dislike places that serve olive oil in place of butter with one's bread. I know it's fashionable, but it gives an impression of economy. That's fine for Macaroni's Italian Grill, but detracts from the tone of a place with Tarbell's pretensions. I'd prefer it if they'd serve both, or at least give one a choice. The soup of the day, potato and leek, was of delicate flavor but redolent of Potato Buds. Could it be possible that they're making this stuff out of a dehydrated product? The Caesar salad starter was a nonentity, and might have been improved by a little ground pepper, which wasn't offered. My bride was mightily impressed by the grilled salmon....some of the best she'd ever had, she said. The effect was somewhat dissipated by the peculiar potato product offered as a side. If you like to peel off and eat the crust around the edges of a pan just used to bake scalloped potatoes au gratin, you'll like this stuff. I had the pork chop, which was very good without being memorable. It's served with a side of what they claim to be 'wild boar bacon' and unidentified greens. The pork, independently, was bland and without much character; but spear a bit of pork, add to the end of your fork a fragment of bacon, and then a green or two, and the dish is much improved. Dessert was uninteresting. The sorbet was of the store bought variety....and not top shelf stuff, either....and the apple tart was bland and as dry as if it been left in the oven overlong. The ambiance of the place leaves a lot to be desired for a celebratory experience. It might work for a business meeting, but it ain't no place I'd care to take a date, ever again. The dining room is crowded and noisy, making conversation difficult and at times impossible. The tables are too close together and I had to endure a face full of server's butt whenever he waited on, or cleared the dishes of, the folks at the table neighboring ours. I suppose I've saved the best....or the worst....for last. I haven't been as rushed by the waitstaff at a meal since my experience in an Army mess hall at Ft. Bragg, North Carolina. The place is being run as a money making machine and that means that they are trying to turn over tables as many times as possible in an evening. Services is overly rapid and one feels pressured to finish up and allow the waitstaff to get the next course on the table. The object, of course, is to get you fed and out the door, freeing up a table for another party. My wife resorted to the tactic of picking up her fork when she saw the bus-guy approaching....otherwise he'd be on us to clear the plates containing food over which we were tarrying, in his opinion, overlong.The check was presented to us the moment it was ascertained that we had completed dessert but before the plates had been cleared. I returned it asking that she bring it on AFTER we'd finished our coffee. Which, by the way, hadn't been offered, either. To his credit, the dining room manager did come over to apologize for rushing us, and comp'ed our coffee. He explained that "the standard in America is to present the bill when dessert had been finished". I beg your pardon? Not in any place I've ever dined, and I was born in Ohio.This place seems popular enough on a Saturday night, but I certainly won't be gracing its dining room any time soon. At this price point ($175 including wine and tip for the two of us) I expect more than what was offered. Sorry, folks, I know this sounds like a rant, and to some extent it is. It was an important evening for us....after all, twenty years only comes once in a marriage (well, most marriages, anyway)... and we had hoped for a gentler experience.
u9flSRrKJbLJu1cLLhVGWw	gb-k4Z17XxuPkUmsevwBYg	4	0	This is my first review on yelp. My wife and I were looking for a place we could take the kids for ice-cream tonight after visiting bass pro shops. Did a search on yelp found this place.I've got to say I've never tried gelato before but my wife thought it looked good. I got peanut butter and banana, the wife got PB and choc Oreo, and my kids got Oreo and choc chip... As my 5 yr old said, this place is off the hook. We will definitely come back.
pibxf3JHyWa1CDmU1ykasw	nFo_63pTr-4ZhakuaRFOCA	2	3	The food was ok.  Waitress forgot my guacamole.  Wait staff continually bumped into our table.  Great wine list.  Nice decor.  I may or may not try again.  Not impressed by the food. Id go up to Narcisse or True Food instead.
2M_blXbHIPct5HT11gEhSg	jRfdz5voj40P6WS9L54caw	4	1	I had a really good experience at this place.  Started with the chilled cilantro lime crab dip.  I wasn't sure about fried plantain dippers but they worked.  If you go here you have to get the Thai bbq baby back ribs.  They were awesome!  Next best thing I had was the mac & cheese and also the spinach & parsnip gratin - good stuff.  Ended with the guinness chocolate cake which was pretty good but next time I think I will go for the s'mores creme brulee.  All in all a good time and would recommend.
z393huZItap6YIZVcofLyQ	7LGjM8HKJTwqfYU3C7N_0w	4	0	Great food at Rico's! The nachos are great, as is the green chile stew. You can actually make a meal out of either of those appetizers. They're filling and delicious. Decent beer selection--although I'd prefer if they had Four Peaks (Hop Knot) on tap. Sort of a casual/upscale atmosphere. You'll probably feel at ease no matter what you're dressed like. Very helpful and friendly staff. Overall, Rico's is a winner. If I lived closer, I'd visit often.
rDD8usjaBlaMk1-vSWMxXg	8nRXiNdt_8-aePTlVxKqmA	4	0	El Paso currently has some recession specials that lower the price of several entrees. I got the brisket platter for $9 (reg. $13) and it was plenty of food for a good price. The brisket was juicy while hot, although when it cools it gets drier. I should eat faster next time! The brisket also had a very dark pink smoke ring and good smoky flavor. the bbq sauces are good but nothing special. The platters come with 2 side dishes and I was pleasantly surprised that the veggies were not boiled to death. The carrot strips were just the right tenderness and sweet, and the broccoli was slightly crunchy. My other side dish was the sweet potato fries. They were good and went well with the BBQ sauce.For the price, I'd definitely go back to try some of their other meats.Side note - I don't know why, but all of the tables around us were filled with elderly people. Does El Paso put coupons in AARP magazines?
d9X2rr2pTxaDwJ2H59zaNw	4rySWsfL5enT7t4XuVNJuQ	4	9	It's 4:00 am on a Friday, you've just finished listening to awesome music and drinking too much, you're starving and want some good comfort food to fill your gut and soak up that alcohol..... enter Jerry's.The place was open.  The place was clean.  The food was good.  The service was great.  The prices were great.  WAY better than a Denny's, better than most diner's I've been to, actually.I had ham and eggs and the plate was delicious.  The ham steak was gigantic, the eggs perfect, and hash browns were done just right... crispy and good.
tk2QSeGvq7iOASVnNqmU_g	-EctXOb3B7T177jGYUhjVA	5	3	I can't help but love this place. I've been going here since, quite literally, the day the opened. I move further away and I keep coming back.The staff is friendly, the food is delicious, the beer selection constantly rotates to new and interesting beers... and this is basically the de-facto hangout for climbers and cyclists! Really can't go wrong with this place.
lsMdJrQXcs_0EMvRD8w8tw	09dr3kXV8Ff42Ur3mCh3LA	5	1	I went to Peter Piper Pizza tonight to celebrate my daughter's 5th birthday! It is a great place for kids to have fun. Being a former employee of PPP I know that we could have had reservations for her birthday and had a party representative help with everything. Unfortunately, this was just a small family celebration. So I ordered the big family meal deal which consisted of two large pizzas and an order of wings. The pizza is always delicious to me, it is not greasy like some of the pizza places out there. We forgot to bring a lighter for the birthday candle so they had one on hand for us to borrow. Needless to say this is a place that the kids love. They can eat great pizza & play which is all kids worry about.
vKOGdefx0bpG_EYe1q8XNg	fF6m3qsD5blnwuZRuYhzWg	2	1	The food is good here, ordered the Mole enchiladas with no complaints, however we also ordered a skinny margarita which was not very strong and $15 ea! The regular margaritas are fine and priced okay at $8, but to charge $15 without warning is usury. The service was okay, not great. The menu is also hard to read because the type and busy background design. I would have given 4 stars if the margaritas were $11, but $15?? This is not Modern Steak or the W !!
-J17U4z18USof3QDECzr4Q	MuIXnv7Oq7X3-4aEsp9dDA	5	0	I had the Crispy Steelhead, and it was delicious! The sweet pea risotto and roasted tomato-chanterelle ragout were a great addition. If you're looking for a great restaurant with an original menu, this is the place to go! Friendly staff and they were quick to seat us.
zJK2nPkflDAeb3sUwwgkaw	NA3tQYxR6Fq5O8nV6u41Tw	1	2	Called last night @ 4:30 and tried to do call ahead seating for 6:30 for a party of 9. We are in town and are here to see some friends. Explained to hostess that some in the group are seniors so would need to have assurance on reservation. I was told to call back in an hour, the thought process by her was that it was too soon to give me a time and they weren't that busy yet. So I did as told and called back and after about 10 minutes of confusion and other waiting I was told we couldn't be seated until 7:30 or we could have seperate booths. I explained that we needed to sit together and 2 hours was the best she could do. I was so frustrated I told her no thanks that we would find other arrangements. She said ok and that was it. Nice job Texas Roadhouse. NOT!!! There is no excuse for not having a reservation system in place, like Open Table. One day there will be no customers to disappoint, then maybe you will get it.
q4yypayig8V8lO3Qg7rb2w	XfgU_1_X8eVX8_CqofAeIQ	5	0	Fantastic donuts! Great selection! Coffee was definitely above average!
r2QA2-FuQk1Cn-WwQhBSzw	C42yP2SAQyit92zVyRAqMw	3	0	If you want to feel really bad about what you're eating, you'll love Rally's...I tried this place for lunch, after I heard about the "Baconzilla". I love bacon, so this burger sounded like a match made in heaven for me. The burger itself was OK, though I didn't love it. It was two patties, cheese, and about 47 slices of bacon. The bacon was the saving grace, as the burger itself was a little dry and didn't have a ton of flavor. You can also have different styles of "loaded" fries, I had seasoned fries with cheese and bacon. When I think about my meal there, it's amazing that I've lived long enough to write this review...It's a quaint little place, you can either walk up and eat outside or do the drive thru, either way the food is ready pretty quick. In addition to burgers they have chicken strips and a double decker fish sandwich, so it's not all about the red meat. It's not high quality, and it's the furthest thing from good for you, but if you're in the area and you want a greasy burger, Rally's is a good place to try.
FjpbxGCp0xhnZi4Ta4tRSA	EWnSPExh_T5zTv6oMJOC5g	4	0	We tried Mr Chao's Asian Bistro last night. It's a small place and they do a lot of take-out orders. The quirky interior works fine for me. My wife thought the single gourami looked kind of sad in the small, flat tank on the wall. They have a bar and a decent selection of wine for a small restaurant. I tried one of the specials, the Hunan Smoked Pork. It was basically kind of like bacon stir-fried with fresh vegetables with a spicy Hunan black bean sauce. I love bacon and I really liked this dish. My wife had prawns w/vegetables, we liked the freshness of the vegetables and generous amount of prawns but overall the dish was slightly bland. She liked it but thought that it would have been better with the lobster sauce. We were mixed on the iced tea, my wife felt it was too strong but I thought it was fine. Overall, Mr Chao's is a fine choice in Ahwatukee for Americanized Chinese food. It is a bit pricier than our usual stop, Panda Garden, but a nice alternative.
Bpm3X6HGMzKH_xTcN52gVA	9tSHBEoAhKu-tkU8n6SKjA	3	1	Pretty good food.  The location is kind of scary, for a famous place.  i was a little disappointed in their lunch menu.  i am not a fan of paying $12 for a lunch plate.  i don't need 10 lbs of food at lunch time, but a nice $4-5 plate of food at lunch would be great.  I might return by myself, because the food is very spicy, and most people i hang out with don't like that.  it was even spicy for me and i don't mind that too much.
1tXqchOF3_3Vhp-ksT9a6A	O-usNZUjADajkeYXIDAJiQ	3	0	Way too expensive for a hot dog.  Confusing to eat there too unless you can speak Spanish.  Last time I checked I wasn't in Mexico.
gCwZvHa_j4Vppn8aa8hjdA	AkOruz5CrCxUmXe1p_WoRg	3	2	3 stars - Yelp says - A OKThat means, sure, I'd go back and I should state here and now that the 3 stars might not be all their fault but my fault too.Plan to see mid-week movie with my daughter who teaches at junior high school and after school volleyball and we have plans for 7:45 movie which means time is compressed. Daughter has limited sense of adventure for foods so I figure this place always offers her bail-out choice of Italian. Enough background...Problem is, I had lunch too late and I arrived less than hungry. I'm equivocal what to order. I ask waiter for advice (mistake). I order cream soda and he comes back and asks me what flavor and listing too many choices. I order cherry and it seems to be a club soda with grenadiene (sp?) - mistake.Orders arrive - daughter shocks me by ordering Pad Thai which was quite good. I get winter special of Ishikari - Salmon, cabbage, tofu and rice noodles rather cleverly cooked in a miso based soup in industrial type mini-bucket with oak sealing lid and apparently brought to table from oven. The salmon infusion into the miso was an incredibly delightful broth. The salmon appeared to be generous, good quality but a bit undercooked and I didn't have the time window to do anything about it. The rest...the tofu / cabbage / etc. seemed to derive no benefit from the delightful miso broth.So in the end...I probably could have given them 4 stars because there is nothing inherently wrong with CherryBlossom Noodle Cafe. The waiter wasn't all that helpful but he was available at the most important times and we managed to get orders, served and check paid in time for movie which by other reviews worried me because of our narrow time window and the fact that this place is indeed busy.I would definitely return a much wiser person and next time, I go with my gut instinct and order the Champon as I had intended to the first time.
N8d7fWRRU5Y4lkYT7k_2qw	UI8iKvzhGn2qZCGIqtQqrQ	3	2	One thing is for sure:  You will be full when you leave Harlow's.  I think that the huevos are pretty good, but the biscuits and gravy leave a little to be desired, or so say the meat eating friends of mine.  To be fair, this was in comparison to my very amazing freshly made biscuits and veggie gravy (biscuit recipe credit to Mark Bittman's How to Cook Everything).It is a decent people watching locale on the weekends as long as you can stand to wait out in the parking lot until they call your party inside.
tMLsmKEgbprLQ2DVCxejUA	V1nEpIRmEa1768oj_tuxeQ	5	0	Honestly, this is the best pizza that I've had in Arizona.  I'm a sucker for wood-fired goodness and fresh mozzarella--Cibo does both to perfection.  Additionally, I've come to appreciate the character and charm possessed by this little gem in a sea of chains and strip malls.    The wine list is not overly extensive, just efficient and thorough like it should be.  The salad selection is full of variety and offers a bright way to begin their dining experience.  Be warned:  Cibo is pretty tiny, causing a wait on weekends.
niMmA49Z07G1T-h5Gea4tw	Gq7CbG8Gw4lGixXKIACB5g	5	3	I love the Madagascar coconut white tea! The prices and very reasonable, only downfall for me is they don't list the caffeine content;(
julrXc7fBvyCa0Z8xJKkRg	v1H45TVGiORapYHQyGdoFw	4	1	El Taco de Chandler exceeded my expectations.  I've driven past it almost every day for a year.  My curiosity finally got to me, so my boyfriend and I went in to try the food.  We waited quite a few minutes (easily 10 to 15) for our order, which is a good sign for fresh preparations.  The joint is hooked up with a juke box, pool table, dining area with tables and chairs, and two benches near the register, for those waiting to take their food home.  There were special desserts in a glass display cabinet, including coconut clusters and sweets I've seen in Mexico.  The assortment of beverages is outstanding, offering both Coke and Pepsi products, juices, CapriSun, horchata, beer, and Sunny Delight!  The menu is about par for Mexican restaurants in the Phoenix area, in terms of content and price.  I got a fish taco, which was outstanding!  No cheap tartar sauce here!  I also got a cheese quesadilla, which came garnished with lettuce and tomato slices.  The quesadilla was warm and fresh, on an obviously fresh tortilla filled with tasty cheese.  For the two of us to eat a few a la carte items from the menu, the total came to $11.00.  There are also combination plates available, as well as quite a few soups.  Overall, I was very impressed!  This looks like a fun place to hang out.  The food is definitely worth the wait.  I happened to ask the cashier, and they are open until 10pm on Saturday's.  Muy delicious!
00lByKsp1MLHSciAflZSmw	qjmCVYkwP-HDa35jwYucbQ	5	3	WOW!  I am very sorry that it took me so long to convince Bri D. to go here.  We went for brunch and it was amazing.  Absolutely one of the best breakfasts I have ever had.  The johnny cakes were out of this world!  They have a granola-y taste to them, are filled with blueberries, and topped with yogurt and real maple syrup.  It is this awesome combo of sweet and tart that is great.  Despite being three pancakes, they weren't heavy and dense like normal ones.  They made me feel satisfied but not "stuffed" and gave me lots of energy throughout the day.  That's exactly what the awesome waitress said they would do.I love this place!  It is beautiful inside, I love their theme, I love their concept, and I love the food.  Can't wait to try more.
5o3cR2uPme47EXiqBsTU6A	Dka36Pw7ibbHV6xIimQAOg	1	0	This place was messy and loud.  The food really wasn't great and the salsa bar looked like a three year old put it together.  Overall the only plus was the tortilla chips that were free before the food.  I will not be back unless one of my friends pays for me
wxJbkvhNEu0O9ghfFPE8nw	JokKtdXU7zXHcr20Lrk29A	4	2	I really am a fan of this place. It has good food and good beer, and also is associated with some good memories here. This place is a great place to come to and watch a game or two. Or in our case, a great place to come to after watching out team win or lose the game. The parking here can be difficult since there is no lot or anything designated for costumer parking. The beer is really good here. I like the lighter beers, such as their regular peach beer, but their other beers and seasonal are awesome too. The food is delish; I always get a hankering for their beer battered fries. Eat it with their jalapeño ranch sauce and it's perfect. That and some loaded chicken nachos are easily split between friends; their portion sizes are fairly huge. It's really an awesome spot to get together with friend, have a pint, enjoy a game and some good food.
Pm7nvkGDpDDXYWQ7TDg2HA	I1rvqU2k5UQGo2lGdY6hyw	5	0	great food... love the pad thai....awesome atmosphere...
NJ_kBNIQG6vSNBnrWxEyoA	CV4DDFG6tII-ehzaWPXK4g	3	1	I honestly feel a bit bad giving Wildflower a three star rating, but I'm honestly waiting for the time when I feel impressed with their food. I've been to Wildflower quite a few times, ordering something different each time. First time was the sweet potato and fig sandwich. Disaster. Next time with the BLT plus. Ick. Next time was Potato Soup. Eh. I don't know what my problem is, everyone raves about this place as being awesome. The nice thing about this location is that I can meet friends here for a mediocre lunch and walk to the movie theatre or Target afterwords.
Fd_7VBAR07qGHwLiMZstRA	c1yGkETheht_1vjda7G5sA	2	5	I don't get it. Not the concept of a good vegetarian restaurant but the need to create mock this and mock that. The word mock appears on the menu no less than 30 times, and that made me want to flee pell mell at mach 1 out of there, sonic boom be damned. I understand it from a  marketing strategy to appeal to and or convert the carnivores and omnivores I suppose. Do meat eaters feel better about eating something vegetarian as long as it is shaped like a chicken wing? Has anyone gone to a steak joint and had mock carrots made from pork medallions?  I am also aware that we eat with our eyes, have preconceived notions of certain types of cuisine etc. However, I firmly believe that if an establishment uses veggies, legumes, tofu and such and gets creative instead of trying to reinvent the meat wheel, the end result would be much better. For Example the Mexicali burger, no mock meat reference here. How about listing something as "whatever the hell it is" served Parmesan style?  I stopped here for lunch yesterday as I was in the area. Cool space, it was open colorful and inviting. A couple of organs line a small space up front. Nice mild funk flavor to the decor. Ordering is done counter style and they bring it out to you. You pretty much go behind the counter to get ice for your beverage which I thought was a bit of a weird queue. I ordered the spicy Thai peanut, a dish that offered mock choices, but I went with the crispy tofu. The brown rice that was the bedding here was ok, lukewarm at best. the dish lacked any real flavor and there was no spice whatsoever.The tofu tasted as if it was freezer burned, which really dumbfounded me. I think it may have been crisped long before it was served to me and microwaved, the texture was just off. Copious amounts of cock sauce, err... Sriracha saved it from blandsville.I am not saying I would never return, as I tend to give places more than one chance. I love well prepared vegetarian dishes, just don't mock me.
Kf2uRhhbjaGvNhkAmGd1dQ	5VMajxduxfLPSyQkVFKESg	4	2	Joe's is a Gilbert staple. They have the service down to a science so you can start your journey standing in the back of a line that is about a quarter mile long, and inside of 5 minutes you are sitting at a picnic table under the trees enjoying your grub.I have been a fan since before I knew why it was important to find and keep places like this thriving.  Joe is cool, and a guy that people who want to succeed in independant business in Arizona should keep their eye on. The food is quality, the location has been around forever, but keeps fresh with awesome and unique decor (like a life size tractor) and lots of space outside for families with kids to go crazy.The menu is simple and doesn't try to do too much. The staff is usually very pleasant as well. My usual is that potato that is as big as my forearm stuffed to the gills with pulled pork, sour cream, chives, bbq sauce, butter, cheese. and pickles on the side. If you haven't been to Joe's, you should make it a point.
9DPZSubMwYAsmnK5ui50Zw	yVQiGdxmnrkJDyQXv2maNA	4	0	#26, #1, #150 is my favorite. I go here every time I need something warm in my belly. They are open early too!I love this place and the dining area has gotten bigger :)Had the Bun bo hue. Was pretty good and cheap!
PvrzzBYNlTWmz0gKyvazEg	eHC_xNrT1SkJyC2oncJlhw	2	0	TORTILLA SOUP = not the biz.that's all I tasted so that's all I'm rating this place on lol
wM199bUIqy-2w0je2L5Ojg	5VMajxduxfLPSyQkVFKESg	5	0	Love.  It.  Awesome pulled pork, brisket, turkey.  The sides are really good, too.  I feel like it's somewhat expensive, but it's worth every bite, but then again, that's BBQ.  If it's dirt cheap, that means it's not quality meat.Anyway, the 2-pound potato is great, too -- chives, sour cream, butter....
74itj9az8k89zAGypfX4dg	5Js9G0axfWhbYlB9UgXLww	1	0	Einsteins in general has mediocre bagels at best, and their "schmears" appear to be highly processed.  I've generally given up on Einsteins all together because because their food has really taken a nose dive, as has the service.  I stopped by this location recently because I was driving by and in a hurry, and wanted a bagel (they're supposed be a bagel store after all!).  First, no salt bagels.  Aren't salt bagels one of the standards?  Second, I ordered my bagel with cream cheese (cream cheese being a $1.50 option) to go and that was my real mistake.  Whoever made the bagel didn't even manage to slice all the way through the bagel and put an amount of cream cheese approximately equivalent to a pat of butter on one-half of the bagel.  The other half was basically dry.  Unbelievable.  Needless to say, I was pretty annoyed when I got to work and opened up my bagel.  Stick to any of the local bagel joints like Chompies or Kashmans - they have much better bagels, and they will dump a brick of cream cheese on them for you.
HD4qbc-7eGyXAUYnXdb0Sg	SgGINtDKQgoXoAnQgrDKDg	3	1	The Good: We absolutely love their wings and its becoming a regular for us to go every other Tuesday for their wing deal. We always get the honey hot wings and share a side of either regular fries or the loaded fries.The Bad: I do feel the wings are a bit too pricey, even on the deal days. Also, what is up with their high school hostesses!? They are incredibly rude and give dirty looks every single time we have gone, which is now around 7 times. Someone really needs to put these girls in check. Goodness. This is the reason for 3 stars instead of 4. I would actually give it 3.5 stars if I could.We like the atmosphere and it always seems clean and the servers have been very nice so far.
QUxMPdPKpAYreYTHI80LUA	qb4PzVr19bXXLBf71dd5kQ	3	0	Finally a place to watch local sports with sound.  I always find it unbelievable that many sports bars here in town look past our local teams and support the foreign hoards from Wisconsin, Minnesota, NY, Illinois etc..  Not at Dukes...local first.Please return to your frozen tundras and leave us with the Suns, Cardinals, Devils and Coyotes.The food here is nice bar/pub fare and is always fresh and hot.  Drinks are plentiful and service respectable.  Would like to see a little more variety on the taps but other than that Dukes is a great place to catch a game.
1ShyhjZOoavLH7LArfKwmA	jEWfxxA_kjeJE_Z_ku3zLA	2	1	I have been twice, both at lunchtime. Cute (trendy) place, sushi rolls are decent, not spectacular. Loved sitting out on the patio; however, there was a distinct smell of sewage wafting by every once in a while. Not sure where that was coming from. The hostesses were unfriendly. Waitresses were nice enough, but wow, S L O W service.  I mean, my God. I had nearly polished of a bottle of sake by the time the food got there (which may account for my belief that the sushi was good, lol!). Same embarrassingly slow service in getting our check to leave.Overpriced for a lunch menu, I thought, and the calamari appetizer was a huge disappointment. It was like ... TGI Fridays or something. Just very ... sportsbar-esque. Huge, rectangular chunks of calamari, heavily battered and deep fried. What happened to light tempura and calamari rings? Isn't this a Japanese restaurant?All in all, it was okay. I was in good company both times, and had plenty of time to spend, so the slow service was not an issue, but it could be a problem if you have other plans. I will likely go back until I am able to find a comparable or better sushi place - I'm new to Arizona.
Ve5yd9rFYUtjHoAsqs-29Q	qW9UysjJw3y3CwEbzruEEw	2	4	I was really looking forward to eating here because I had read good reviews. Maybe we went on a bad day. They were very slow but it took way too long to get our food and they screwed up my friends order. I got a chicken, carne asada and fish taco. The Chicken was the best. I didn't care for the carne asada or the fish. Guedos fish tacos are far superior. I don't think that we will return to Elmer's with all the great Mexican food choices in the area. Sorry.
GUdj_ur2gIyIOKN6EMlgNA	LbLVO7yqAJGEQ1nK6rEvHA	3	5	And now ladies and gentlemen, the category tonight: Things that make Siu-Wok A-OK in my book.Here we go....#10 - I can actually understand the people that answer the phone#9 - The sweet burn on my tongue after eating a mouthful of Kung Pao Chicken#8 - The lack of lasting gastral repercussions from eating said Kung Pao Chicken#7 - The friggin huge area to which they will deliver, for a minimal $2 charge (beware their website says it's a buck-fifty, but the gas crunch is effecting everyone)#6 - The pork fried rice that is literally one part rice mixed with one part tender / tasty pork#5 - The place is actually clean#4 - The coupons attached to the menus that they send to my home at regular intervals#3 -  I can call in an order, hop in my car to pick it up, and be back watching quality reality programming within 15 minutes#2 - They have Mr. Pibb on tapAnd the number 1 thing that makes Siu-Wok A-OK in my book...Eight... yes count 'em, eight, yummy soups that they will deliver to my door when I just can't bring myself to change out of my pajamas!!!
hIgF92olv5yRUdIvWJu0zA	tHztlek7Ecs-5ZonXUATyA	1	5	Man oh man... I can't decide whether I want to review this place or not under the auspices of "if you don't have anything nice to say..."All I have to say is this: We ordered food. It came totally wrong. I asked for a vegan salad, not specifically, but that's how I ordered it, and it came with chicken and cheese. This just shows a complete inability to read the order. People make adjustments all the time. I have worked at a restaurant. I have fucked up. I should have been lashed 40 times! Read what people order! So when I got the wrong salad and saw what an unbelievable disappointment it was going to be, I ordered a veggie sandwich instead, which, to their credit, they delivered and took off the bill. The best customer service in the world could not overcome this sandwich. It was a monumental fucking embarrassment. I cannot believe they let that thing out the door. I ate it because I was starving but I would have liked to have driven it back there and go through it, ingredient by ingredient, with the preparer... Explain to me how this is appealing to the eyes, mouth, stomach, etc.I just hated it. A lot. Sorry, I'm sure you're nice people with good intentions.
q35wX6JC_tc3VyYeC9ULXg	SDwYQ6eSu1htn8vHWv128g	5	1	Best nights to go to Postino's are Mondays and Tuesdays.  They offer $20 deals where you get 4 slices of bruschetta out of the 12 that they offer and one whole bottle of the house wine.  Each bruschetta slice is probably the size of maybe your hand with your fingers outstretched -- if you're a petite girl  :) ...  They then cut each slice into 4's.  Perfect for sharing!We went on a Monday night after 8PM and ordered 2 bottles of wine, the 2 orders of the bruschetta (which were 8 slices for those that can't count), and a bowl of olives.  The total came out to about $50...that's a little over $13/person w/o tip!!  AWESOME!!    PLUS, they have complementary valet parking. Everything was just fantastic, I've never had fig before and they made my experience there quite memorable.  I definitely recommend you come in, regardless if it's for their $20 deals on Mon/Tues or not.  They've got GREAT food and I WILL be back.
Aig77qNnNFDKFLiML6F5pQ	r3r_bAfa6pZKIhQB82FizQ	4	1	I went here Saturday night with a party of 4.  It is a pretty neat place in a neat area.  I felt pretty hip and urban being there.  Anyway, I NEVER eat pasta because I "try" to stay away from those carbs, so even coming here was a giant step for me.  I wasn't expecting the pasta here to be anything great but boy was I wrong.  Each one that I tried was excellent.  The ingredients tasted fresh and delicious and each was very flavorful.  I don't remember exactly which ones I tried (I tried 4 of them), but each one was excellent.  They probably don't make a bad pasta dish.Some of the dishes have some odd/random ingredients, but don't let that scare you.  Order each dish as it is listed on the menu and you won't be disappointed. When I feel like I have to get carbed up for a big race I will return!I'm still a little pissed that they didn't have diet coke or any diet soda at all for that matter.  Who doesn't have diet soda?  I get that they are trying to be green, local, natural, organic or whatever else is hip right now but come on.  I know I should probably stick to water anyway, but I always enjoy a diet coke with any good meal.  I'm not sure why, but I just love it and it makes my meal a lot more enjoyable.  Weird, I know.
fu075k8dTKAQaBKAGSNuFA	06kfoeRs9Acj82Yl3i9p_w	4	0	I finally made it to this place after hearing nothing but great reviews from others.  Now I can see why it is held in such high regard.  If you are a fan of Paradise Bakery, this place is better...hands down.  At first glance, it appears to be identical, but on closer look it wins in two important categories.  First, the vast menu blows away the Paradise selection of "like 3 items"  There are countless sandwhiches, salads, soups and deserts.  Second of all, the prices are incredible.  It is very affordable for the quality and quantity of food.  Finally, the food is excellent.   Not that I have a problem with Paradise, but given the choice, Wildflower wins every time..
fTwKSY6PnO9dEr5AnpIdbg	OXwKBaV74IM_VduC5OWV1g	4	0	Once again, family was out to try something new! I was in the mood for pizza. I noticed there were quite a few pizza joint in this area! So this was the first one we tried. We order a pepperoni and green peppers pizza well done, spaghetti and meatballs, and chicken Parmesan. The pizza was good, I enjoyed the flavors, pepperoni, cheese, and sauce was very good. I am not sold on the crust! But overall the pizza was still good. The spaghetti was very good, especially the meatballs! It takes a lot for me to like meatballs and these were one of the best I have tasted. Daughter hardly gave me a chance to taste the chicken Parisian, but what I did taste was really good, they do like to pile on the cheese, that's the way to get my daughters heart! Over all we had a great time, we love the small mom and pops atmosphere, and we will probably come back soon!
aGsE6UcZ4T3CTlo5P_rMtw	hZRLGfRrZTo9up2P-0aAHg	5	1	The food reminded me of my mom's home cooked meals. The beef with red salsa was super good...and not to mention the warm, handmade tortillas. The prices were decent, the service was excellent and the food was great. ;-)
tq-wwW15BvELO34P0wNqpA	35uDzLpJlbSztgkJLtg1kw	4	0	Wild Child Bed For CompanyBy The RueMy favorite sandwich is the chicken continental,The toppings on here are pretty fundemental,You can get something else, I won't be judgemental,When I give you a hickey I promise to be gentle,If it's not on your neck it's not accidental,When I am done it will be something monumental,Before work, covering up with a scarf is detrimental,Back to my review the rest is experimental.If you want something different than chicken, I won't give you a hickey but something finger lickin',The gorgonzola and roast beef will not sicken,I don't care if your from France or Great Britain,The herb mayo on sourdough gets the pulse to quicken,If it were up to me I would name your cat "Mitten",Jim Carey was in a movie called "Once Bitten",This is a great place to eat, hunger now stricken!!Beatnik!!
GvMTOOFBzGjIkbfdzC4YSw	pvMeUi5Lw2O5vIXg9_EvDg	4	0	My daughter and I had a couple of the beef and lamb gyros.  They were wonderful.  The meat was tender and juicy,  the bread was soft and pliable.  The only thing that I could find wrong was the tazeki sauce could have used some more spices, it was kind of blah.  We would go back.  Service was great too.
vNlxlaz9qwj8VCYV0H_rVg	ZG4oIFBRlXyaF5F9L3dzxg	1	1	Maybe I should have had a hot dog but I crave Chicago's Italian beef,  I didn't get it here just some greasy old beef of some kind,  use beef broth if the meat gets dry, not a whole can of olive oil,  YUK!  It didn't have that good Italian beef flavor so I asked for giardinara to add some flavor,  it was very oily too and I had to pay extra for any peppers either hot or mild. No stars for that beef,  the only saving grace was it didn't make me too sick,  I expected to be sick for days not just one day!
8kOvjFsHRFc4kcLDit489g	K4Oo7A5Kp5eSgBV7MgOu8Q	5	0	Ok, so iv been a Starbucks junkie for years....until i discovered dutch bros! This location is my favorite, although they are all good. My favorite thing about dutch is you can order ANY blended drink sugar AND fat free. You cant do that with any frappes at starbucks. You cant beat their customer service either, all the employees and incredibly nice and upbeat, always greeted with a smile! I once ordered a blended double coc coffee and it was too frothy for my liking so i stopped at the location in tempe since i was going that way to order a new one..they exchanged my drink, apologized and sent me off with a new drink at no charge. added bonus is the stamp cards, so if your an avid coffee drinker like me, you'll be saving some money to. Quick drive-through for on the go.
BNcZZkyxTDMrGnCvpOTnQg	TuuENwzxOFdDLY_oKCbFZw	5	1	This place always pleases! Their sandwiches are always great, bread is great, pizza is AWESOME, and their short ribs are great. The food is SO fresh! The waiters are kind and friendly. When we asked if they had some of their awesome ice cream, she kindly told us the freezer broke. I heart the deli!
vDUFw4zYIF-uxbUONBFDSw	vSWEXsXmJw5ozuF4zqE9ng	2	1	I actually yelped this restaurant from my brunch table and my blackberry wouldn't post the review.  So, will try to capture the original intensity of the yelp.  I still love my blackberry and maintain it is better than iPhone, by the way!Anyway, anyone who knows me well appreciates the importance of toast in my life.  When I moved to Phoenix to work for a catholic hospital, my best friend bought me a "Jesus toast" stamp which puts an imprint of the Mary which appears better when the bread is toasted.  I guess she wanted me to fit in.So when I told my waiter I was having a "bad toast experience" and he blew me off, you can imagine the impact.  I ordered the oatmeal as well as the basket of toasted willow breads served with a variety of jellies, Nutella, honey etc.  My oatmeal came out with over-buttered, grilled bruschetta-style toast; that's it--a plate with a bowl of oatmeal and 3 pieces of bread.  I asked for flatware, then brown sugar and milk, then inquired about my basket of willow bread.  The waiter said, "this is the toast that comes with your meal.  I reminded him of my order and he brought me some jam.  I decided to stop complaining (cus I had been making ridiculous requests like being served what I ordered and having utensils).  I put jam on the "toast" and it literally tasted like they had grilled it in bacon grease.  Meanwhile the table next to us (the only other occupied table in the restaurant at 10 am on a beautiful Sunday) was getting their cranberry walnut and sourdough bread, perfectly toasted with all the accompaniments.  I told the waiter I wanted toast like theirs and that mine tasted like pork (still a veggie after 25 years) and he said again, "this is the toast that comes with your meal".  My friend was getting embarrassed, so I gave it up and left.  How hard is it to bring a girl a new piece of bread?Ok, now all the anger is stirred up... I must say that My florist is one of my fav weeknight spots and their pianist is first rate-amazing.  She truly plays from her soul and her personality shines through in her interpretations of classic songs.  I have been there since the "toast experience", but make my friend arrive first to look for the waiter with the ponytail!
RXpMSFNuTfVMEvBE_k74xg	uEW1NwL9h5N0zI2Ip9UKrQ	2	0	Okay, this place has received a ton of slack from prior reviews. I am not a huge fan of the food nor the 1950's style decor, but the people are nice and I have been more than satisfied with the spinach queso dip. I actually do get a craving for it which draws me every few months to that bright turquoise and black decor. The lunch menu is very reasonable and the lunch portion of the pollo magnifico was good! What this place lacks in food, is made up in quick, fairly friendly service, and an area that is convenient to downtown Scottsdale and the Giants Spring training stadium. I like the breezy patio area but the big black birds that stalk the fallen corn chips under your chair are a bit frightening. But after a game this March, I am actually looking forward to spinach dip and margarita at Julio G's.
Q6mdVTEOjIL3ZE3jRrxAWg	Lnohr9bpCbHNsomazXDg-w	4	1	Where else can you get a Chile Relleno wrapped in a tortilla to make a burrito? Super crunchy friend goodness with oozy melty cheese in every bite.. Oh the overkill and love every second of it!! Jen Red Pork in a quesadilla with a side of black beans and jerk fried rice.. this is some serious hybrid comfort food.. may sound strange but works very well! You'll leave super stuffed and change in your wallet from a $10!
WHo_1gd9tEKUD8E9l_9fhQ	-h-q6zTIdPlkz9BDP11sBg	5	1	Love Love Love! All you need to do is order dessert here. It comes in small shot glasses & the flavors explode in your mouth..
lhzsqdaoq3Jpeov9N2ewkA	qNqvJIH4_KENAajUfRZKoA	2	1	Consistency is an issue with the Chipotle chain. Some of their restaurants are clean and well run, some are not.  They really need to trim the chicken of the chewy parts before they chop it up and throw it in a burrito.  That really sucks.
INkSw_fUeF1VyFQYCraAHQ	ZEdaJ8mcMpPiFWgDuSPqeA	5	0	Loved the winkie!  Eat your vegan meal next door at Green and stroll over to Nami for dessert.
SjWAYNV79iT-j6NSUS1Rcw	QSCeI8HdUluG-YmbDWo-fw	2	0	No good
iGus6wCenfh62PVeQrVcVQ	OL9p2tme85Sd3d8mCiSOxw	1	0	Every time I come here the staff is so rude! Its the closest bar to my gate so I'm kinda stuck. Hey staff, can you please pretend to like people????
LYT2pgW50hez3C-GUbc7Jg	1M4oczf2lmkdgbrJ3J7OqA	1	5	I dined at this restaurant on a Saturday morning and was actually the very first guest.  I got greeted by the hostess and was promptly seated.  The service was phenomenal from when I walked over the door step and the ambiance is the restaurant was amazing .  I ordered the smoked salmon as an appetizer and the daily scallop special as the entree.When my salmon dish came out I said to my self "WHAT in the hell?" Two extremely thin slices of salmon, little salad, and a piece of bread with some aioli on the side.  Salmons cheap and they charged me $15 for this crap?  I work in the food industry and the food was crap.Next, the entree.  The waiter described the the scallop dish like it was heaven on earth.  Explaining to me how delicious this special was.  So I took his advice and ordered.  When the dish came out I said to my self again "What in the HELL?"  Four small scallops, 2 baby carrots, broccoli rabe, and cilantro sauce.  The scallops weren't seared enough, the broccoli rabe was brown and mush, and the baby carrots were still raw.  The funny thing was.  The sauce didn't even resemble any cilantro flavor at all.  I could of made this dish 1000x better and the entree took a big hit in my wallet, $32 for crap.The meal came out to roughly $60 and I left that restaurant to never try it again.  I could of gotten some pho for $8 would of been a hundred times happier than spending money that wasn't even mediocre.
Vv3NJShznZTFJq8-6VKNfw	OdD1GuGNQ64ssJmMJ_D9RQ	1	0	Cool place but don't try to arrange a special event. The proprietor was arragont, unflexible and unethical when I held my friend's bachelorette party at The Duce. Be warned!
YDGhV4Lakr4TDElnwvfy2w	EmlgWjs1ZzZEpDjZCSPLmw	5	0	I am in love with the cinema suite! Being able to stretch out your legs on the LazyBoy recliner is the way to enjoy the movie. The chair is spacious and the room is not crowded with viewers.  The foods are at a reasonable price and the server is nice.For movie that are 2+ hours long, watching movie on the recliner is the best experience. Also great place to go on a date :)
emhHChKwAwRT0gm20hpXjg	zOJdahdaaLz7DpfdIucslg	4	3	Everyone knows about Pei Wei right?! I really thought so until my boyfriend admitted that he had never been. Challenge accepted. Now, I've been a frequent Pei Wei customer ever since I discovered Asian food did not always have to send to you running to the restroom. (Yeah, thanks for nothing Bing Heng and Great Wall Buffet). This isn't the best Asian food ever, but it is quick, accessible, and always pretty tasty. I've tried everything on the menu, but my favorite options are the Crab Wontons and the Pei Wei Spicy Chicken. I ordered these plus the Spicy Korean for my n00b boyfriend to try, and everything went better than expected. In fact, he even commented that the place was "classier" than he expected. Just a side note: you can order and pay online, so you don't have to wait for the takeout line. You can also choose the specific time you would like to pick up your food.
txYVk8AjUrNhAQuFBk4eZg	ntN85eu27C04nwyPa8IHtw	3	1	After hearing all of the hype on diners, drive in and dives and reading the yelp ratings, we decided to try it.  We waited over 30 minutes  for a table.  The place is small and outside of a dungy motel.  The service was extremely fast once you got in the door and the waitstaff are very friendly.  I had a waffle and it was good but nothing memorable.  My partner had an omelette with portguese sausage that he loved.  The hash browns were so buttery and they were good.  I wouldn't make a special trip back.
DfsdM_qT6kyzRa2MpfeuSA	XhdMiSn0b3O929YpjVBMHw	5	0	Great Frozen Yogurt. Helpful staff, clean enviroment.
pWGoMHOn51voA10_2fO4Sw	ymSMV5wMjFwcusoGRaqDWA	1	1	Yikes...I won't be going back.  The ordering system is confusing. The staff also seemed confused. The food was very bland and pretty tasteless.  THIS PLACE IS NOT EVEN IN THE SAME LEAGUE AS HONEY BEAR'S NEAR THE AIRPORT!! Skip this bland chain, and go to Honey Bear's!
CWHbKK73_ejiG1IWRbwkHg	YUV08PQk7Vk96r9Q0b3XAw	5	0	Excellent burgers and sweet potato fries
ku_VObOYfuJ-qVB72KLFhA	VN5gJKlXIBQzx_M32F_lkA	5	1	Fabulous service tonight and it was crowded!
n00HCW6_X4U0esmFO_BbAw	Zx8_4zKdDBSO3qGrkukBIA	4	6	Let's rewind four years:"You've never been to Chino Bandido?""No, what is it?""How long have you lived here?""About eleven years, but a bunch of those years were when I was a toddler, and I just moved back from a few years in Flagstaff.""And you've never been to Chino?""NO. What is it?""Amazing.""Take me there.""Okay."Yet we never went.On the drive home from the Children's Museum of Phoenix, I realized that I was hungry, on a budget, and Chino Bandido was not too far off of path.  I ran the plan by my father, checking to make sure that would be an appropriate Father's Day dinner.  I received a confused look and thumbs up.  He's not the most adventurous when it comes to dining experiences, but is generally a good sport.If my friend and I had been on the ball, I could have been eating here for four years.  Granted, I rarely have business around 19th and Greenway, but I could have made Chino Bandido my business.We both ate a perfectly reasonably sized and delicious dinner for less than $10.  Three cheers for Caribbean influenced burritos and homemade teriyaki sauce.Stevey P mentioned the only reason I'm giving four instead of five stars: If the dining room weren't so disgusting that I had trouble eating in it, it would easily be a five star place.  Wipe down the counters and tables, and perhaps give it a new coat of paint, and I'll be completely thrilled.
vdfCSIa3KfwbgW9ytZxn4A	lVkDZZ8sTafPlq7f1i5row	5	2	This place was a huge surprise and a huge relief!Being a foodie, and quite the fan of healthy food, this place definitely lives up to those expectations.  If you've ever been to San Francisco, then you'll definitely get that feel when you enter the cafe.It's got a great atmosphere, and the menu is by far the best when it comes to serving healthy "organic" foods.  I know that many places in the valley claim to serve healthy food, but serving "all-natural" and locally farmed foods doesn't necessarily mean it's healthy.  People that are true foodie's know exactly what I mean.I ordered the Dragon Bowl with quinoa and it was delicious.  I'm excited to try this place again.
xOuqhNoA1Ol6BWYLUINQyg	EWMwV5V9BxNs_U6nNVMeqw	5	2	Based on Yelp reviews, I went to check this place out while I'm working on assignment in Phoenix. As promised the food was great, the service was great and I got to meet the venerable Thomas.I sat at the bar and the boys took care of me. The Fez Kisra sounded good, but I should have listened to Russell's recommendations. I will definitely try those next time, which will be soon.The wine selection was varied, but didn't blow my mind. I stuck with whites and found that the one that sounded the best wasn't nearly as good as the most popular (shockingly).The place combines hip and tasteful decorating, good music, great food and a nightlife atmosphere. Definitely seems like a great place for a night out with the guys/girls if you don't want to be overly bothered.
50kriCKOYEL6SXII96zs-g	fd0iSXEhwz-foQdS8SCKYA	4	0	This review will be short and sweet. I promise!I was able to have breakfast here with the guys as our weekend was coming to an end and it was pretty darn good. I ordered the pancakes with scrambled eggs and extra crispy bacon. YUM! Dennis ordered the Mardi Gras omelet with fruit and I swear the is the second time this weekend he had mardi gras something. The first was mardi gras pasta over at pappadeaux. Hmm I see a theme lol. JD ordered eggs and chicken sausage and let me just say I have never heard the word sausage sound as naughty as it did with these two around. Even our server Steven was blushing by the time we left.All in the the service was good, the food was good and the company was awesome.  I will have to come back and try lunch or dinner one day soon.
rVk-_YJi0liaSoUyJkPgEw	jj-K19oswZARMwCQK-b37A	4	0	Great food, fresh crispy veggies, excellent service. I love the luau pork, but it's kind of salty, even for me considering I love salty food!  Mango iced tea is very refreshing and key lime pie is gooood. I have tried the tofu but it has been hit or miss the way they cook it.I like it crispier (or as crispy as you can get tofu:)
3uoZItEtW2WGjmYT-u-t-Q	ZztUsJyGDwPySepmXRG13g	1	1	After repeat visits it just gets worse - the service, that is.  It was as if we were held hostage and could not leave for a full 25 minutes because that's how long it took to receive hour check after several requests to several different employees.  Female servers might be somewhat cute but know absolutely nothing about beer and this is a brewpub.  I asked if they have an seasonal beers and the reply was no, that they only sell their own beers!  Even more amusing is their "industrial pale ale" is an IPA but it is not bitter.  So, they say it's an IPA but it's not bitter, it's not a true-to-style IPA.  Then people say "Oh I don't like IPA's" and want something else.  Their attempt to rename a beer/style is actually hurting them.  Amazing.The menu was not the regular menu, just a small list of about 4-5 choices.  To make it worse, the actual menu on every table was wrong, yet the kept the menus on the tables anyway.  I heard 3 separate tables order the fried raviolis but they did not have them.  This place is *only* in business because of the location, location, location.
8UagcGX7JLewBcKhufv1Ew	YQvg0JCGRFUkb6reMMf3Iw	4	2	This is a very pretty and very chic looking restaurant, and I hoped that the food was as good as the decor.  My friend and I had the sangria and the mojito, and then we shared a bruschetta and the garlic pizza.I found the sangria a little on the acidic side, but drinkable, and it was fortified with something, because it was a lot stronger than it tasted.  My friend's mojito was good.I LOVED the bruschetta. Not only were the toppings well-planned and delicious, but the bread had a nice crunch and a slightly smoky fire-baked taste to it. Ditto for the pizza, in which the crust shared the stage with the toppings.  Don't expect cheese-red sauce-and-pepperoni type pizzas, as you might expect from the look of the place, the pizza is artisianal.Nearly half the seating is out on the patio, and one unusual feature is that the seats were low and the tables as well.  This makes it a good place to relax with your friends (as you feel like you're sitting on patio furniture) but harder to eat your food.We had good service the night we went (a weeknight, around 8:30).  Zero wait for our table, and prompt, polite service.  I would definitely go here again.
ahYBLDytup64H0br4tlZpg	1eJiyKXx_ruNu6F36BJQCg	4	0	Oh Mojo you won my heart from day one... I always thought I was a gelato spot kinda guy but no apparently I can swing both ways. But if Mojo and Gelato Spot were in a heavyweight championship of how to retain best customers, Mojo has won round one. Why? Simply because of the awesomest event that runs every week on a Tuesday of which I love and that is Twitter Tuesdays! On this day and as an avid Mojo twitter follower, I am rewarded *that's what I think* for my fan-ship and loyalty with a fun secret word of which I made aware of the day of, and upon learning the secret word, drive after work to the Mill Ave location and get myself some Mojo fro-yo goodness for half-off! Score!! =) =) I just love that at this location there are 14 flavors available to sample, and mix and create the best combinations ever! Oh, and the many toppings and mix-ins make the experience enjoyable! Love getting myself a cup of lemon fro-yo with a tinge of strawberry fro-yo topped off with blueberries -delish- on and birthday cake with choc fro yo mixed in with almonds, peanuts, and choco pebbles... OMG! Yes... I love you Mojo... I am a fan!
t_aMvbqbr4T-TkxSm_8uVA	Cp6JGY5YIRncTV_My9nf9g	4	5	I'm in love. The festive décor charmed me the second I walked in the door. We sat down and were immediately greeting by a sweet waitress carrying a basket of chips. The chips were light and fresh and came with two salsas, a red and a green avocado salsa.We ordered: Camarones aguachile hot drowned shrimp, Camarones culichi shrimps in a green sauce,tomatill & cilantro, rezongue enchiladas crab enchiladas in a red sauce. I also ordered a club soda and when the waitress asked if I wanted it prepared mexi style I said yes. What she brought back was a delicious mix of club soda, salt and muddled lime. It's my new favorite drink. We patiently waited for our meal and remarked on the little mermaid scene in front of us. I almost expected the crustaceans to come to life and start playing music.  Then to our surprise little fish tostadas were dropped on our table. What a nice touch!The dishes were excellent, all were paired with homemade tortillas, beans and white rice with vegetables.  The camarones culichi was my favorite.Fresh seafood, fun atmosphere, great service.
pS91RgbLkwWvVfUtSmTpEw	co8rv2zfOhMXc_TlEI9VrA	4	0	YUM! The flavors were great! Oatmeal cookie and caramel apple were great and tasted just like the real thing. The only reason I gave 4 instead of 5 is because some of the toppings such as the twinkies and baklava were whole pieces and I wish I could have just grabbed pieces of them instead of a whole one...toppings like those could add a lot of $$ very quickly so I skipped those ones.
8kSRYat9LZwyNQsPMBfaNQ	EHi-lebXGWjSktl4WvSoow	2	0	Made the mistake of eating here on 10/24. Hostess and maitre de set the tone wrong with their completely haughty and unwelcoming approach when we arrived. Acted like they were doing us a big favor by letting us eat there. Wine list is extensive but outrageously overpriced. We selected a good bottle (90 points WS) and when we asked the self-labeled "wine guy" about it, he said, "I actually can drink that." A snobby comment. Food was completely uninspired and pedestrian. Nothing special here. Service fair, pace was bad between courses - long waits. Had a meal the night before at T Cooks -it was extremely better in every single category. Lon's gets by on it's nice patio setting. The food is average at best. Go to T Cooks instead.If you do go here, call long ahead and at least get a decent table on the patio.
HD1nAo1VffZZoUQH1ra5WA	Xq9tkiHhyN_aBFswFeGLvA	3	1	Wanted a restaurant within walking distance of our hotel so picked this one.  Was ok:  Nothing major to complain about, but also really nothing to rave about either.  There are better restaurants to choose from.
cANlH55ZBvFRzQ7A4iVwBw	FY_OXEVcewAQFZuu6fynLA	5	0	Brought my parents here for lunch last time they were in town.  Dad loved his gyro. Mom and I both got large salads, hers chicken and mine gyro meat.  SO much delicious food for not a lot of money.  Between my Mom and I's leftovers I had a full dinner to eat later.  Hooray for pleasing the parents!!
09wV2L_fgTAqe-m68BP_Lw	EZ7MD_hOsBZuWEvSjXr7DA	2	0	Here is the thing about JoJo's, its in a neighbor were you eat at chain joints or you cook at home. It seemed like a safe bet, and who doesn't want to support their neighborhood pizza place?They started off on the wrong foot with me by not accepting their free pizza coupon they had sent me in the mail. I had called before hand and asked if it was valid, was told it was, and then was not given a free pizza. Instead, I was given a discount on another pizza. So, instead of coming home with two, which was the plan, I got one for cheap. I didn't want one for cheap. I wanted two. The food itself is typical. The crust, cheese and toppings are average, sloppy in a bad way. The sauce is a bit to sweet for my liking, but having eaten here twice, has tasted different each time. The service was alright, delivery took about an hour on a Friday. The rest of the menu, aside from the pizza, is what you would imagine. Wings (not remarkable), fried items and some sandwiches. Lets put it this way, if I was at someone's house and they ordered a pie from JoJo's, I would eat it. However, I wouldn't purchase one again myself.
2aKJbAw_cjl8WKhSyh5MqA	UE4h9OXNzNInmxseAkUihw	4	2	Thai Basil is just delicious! I love Thai food but i try not t drag the bf along too much since he has not yet found a Thai place that has a dish he really loves but that changes since bringing him here ! WHOOP WHOOP!   Really good and quick service for either eating in or taking to go ( we have done both). He is in love right now with their chow mein and i as always am a big fan of Pad Thai.  their pad Thai is not as spicy as other places i have been which is ok considering i can spice it up myself if necessary. only downfall for me is i am not a fan t all of their sweet and sour pork which is a big deal for me, since next to Pad Thai that is definitely a second.  Their chicken sa tay and spring rolls are really good as well!Cheap!
5Qh7s5q5RoHPZYHUh1faUQ	wlftPhCaYn2j2LbcP8j3vg	4	0	This place is where I normally go to get all the different loose teas that I love to drink.They always have at least two or more samples of their 'tea of the day' which are both hot and cold.The best part about this place is that you can mix different teas together to create your own special blend.I also bought a cast iron tea pot set that I absolutely adore.
IDFpYyXoCUVLvdIv7Wi1mA	iJPG0GPcIirjOMlmzZWxBQ	4	7	I live in a town where I can find 5 Filipino restaurants in a 5 mile radius. So when I came to Phoenix for work, I wanted to see what the Filipino restaurant scene was like.Like the previous reviewer stated, there are very few Filipino eateries. The supermarket that I found on my GPS was closed, so I found this one on Yelp. Overall, I would recommend to go to support the local Filipino restaurant.When you first walk in, you start in the bake shop area where you'll find cakes and pastries on display. I wasn't sure if I could seat myself, but I was greeted and seated. There were two other tables filled with about 8 people eating including myself. What concerned me is that 2 of the other folks were the only other Filipinos - as I tend to judge all ethnic restaurants by the number of people of the same ethnicity.But that logic doesn't seem to work here were the demographics of Filipinos seems relatively low.I was craving Sisig (grilled pork - which is my favorite at Ongpin in South San Francisco) - but they didn't have that. On the whiteboard, they had Sinigang na Baboy (pork) - so I figured I couldn't go wrong with one of my favorites.Since I was here on business, I figured I'll order a few other things including the shanghai lumpia (eggrolls), Halo Halo, and topped it off with Hot Pandesal.The Sinigang was served in a bowl with 3 pieces of boneless pork. The meat was very tender and you can pull it apart with a spoon and fork. The soup was a little on the salty side since they may have put a little more tamarind mix, but that I might just be a little oversensitive about my sodium intake.I couldn't help but think that I was eating at home or a family friend's house. Included in the sinigang was spinach, string beans, eggplant, a small potato, and cut onions. What was missing was dikons (those white radish things). It wasn't bad, and it wasn't exceptionally delicious because nothing compares to home made sinigang. But this would be the next best thing. I ate all the meat, and had quite a few eggplants left.The shanghai lumpia came out shortly afterwards. The portion was pretty large and I could have shared it with someone else. I didn't care for sauce that it came with. I wanted vinigar, but a filipino family came in and there was only one server.If you ever had Halo Halo at Ongpin, you'd find this lacking. It is served it a large plastic cup. What was missing is the ube ice cream. In fact, there was hardly any ube in it. There was a spoonfull of the leche flan, but I didn't finish it.I actually ordered the Pandesal later, this version was like two very large dinner rolls served with butter. The bread had a fresh out of the oven taste.The restaurant section was clean, with standard fare dining. There was a large flatscreen tv with TFC playing.Last week, when I ate there, they were just written about in the local paper, but I didn't get to read the review.They accept Master Card and Visa, but not American express.I would eat here again to try some of their other dishes not because I want to support my fellow Filipinos, but because the food is actually worth having again. I took some photos of each dish with my iPhone, so I'll have to figure out how to upload them.This is actually my first review because I was hoping to read more about Philippine restaurants in the area, I only saw this one. So I figured, I should also contribute!
6wpACpeWHrucwsciJZYljw	wH9WtaTlrRawH_IpK90RPg	4	0	This is a great place to eat and hang out with friends.  I always get the pretzel appetizer and the angry chicken sandwich.  When I am eating them, I believe there is nothing better I could be eating at the time.  I crave those items.  I also enjoy the games there- buck hunter, pool and darts. I recommend this place!
6Hcj5bOyAsqqNoPDAPdaLg	o15PeOAUzpcCl8ngk0lMHw	4	2	As my roomies put it:"Finally a Thai place in Mesa that I actually like.""This tastes like my Mom's Thai restaurant in Utah."Three of my roomies and I ordered the Panang Curry with Beef, Red Curry with Chicken, Tom Yum Koong, Spicy Chicken and 4 Thai Iced Teas. The curry was the right consistency, not watered down and too thick. And the best part was that it was just deeelish! What is great about this place is that the spices don't overpower the dish, and you can taste many different flavors with each bite.This little place seats under 16 people max. It's a definite mom and pops store that makes tasty and very reasonable priced meals. We chatted how we wish we hit this place up sooner because its one of the best tasting ones in the Phoenix area.
Ac0rdOM6YSbb_yI458J0bQ	IuAPYzf3NSyfyXYgT46YVA	5	0	When I mean 5 star, I mean 5 STARR...but this place is SPECTACULAR!! Pavle & Charleen are such a fantastic duo....they really know how to make your dining experience exquisite!  The food, not to mention the service, is truly unbelievably delicious!! If you want to have some amazing food and get top notch service while doing so, the time has come for you right here in beautiful Arizona!!HATS OFF FOR FnB!!
7lBp1WB1V3rQU6fxmkUdyQ	uR2aNW75R4oYs9w7aw-_kQ	2	3	Happy Hour Review.We stopped by to try the much ballyhooed Happy Hour and were were pretty damn underwhelmed.    First of all, I guess I'm failing to see what's so happy about a $6.00 spicy tuna roll and $8.00 drink.  Secondly, like other non-japanese sushi joints in this town (cough, cough Ra Sushi), this is sushi for people who don't really like sushi.  Thirdly, seriously attitudinous staff, but one look at the uber-douchy clientele explains that.  Pass.
jX14ytUgnYN33L5NCcMrmw	cVejKU_SrdbvzIbQ4oPV0A	4	0	Sure, I'll pretend that the main reason I come here is the food and not the super cheap margaritas. It was the... uhh... food that is really good even if I don't remember what I ate. I think there were some fish tacos that were pretty tasty. Okay fine, I go for the margaritas- they are big, cheap and tasty.
PKb8uHXaqMUg8Lt85g7OnQ	Trar_9cFAj6wXiXfKfEqZA	5	0	WOW!  Great donuts!  Honestly you can't eat just one!  I loved the plain glazed and the old-fashioned!  Not like the franchise donut shops, these have the real bakery taste!
Gp8BXuzWMIDZK9fsYo9PtQ	VVeogjZya58oiTxK7qUjAQ	5	6	It was 3:45pm and I'm about to jump on a bus to the light rail.  We have no reservations for Pizzeria Bianco, but a couple of friends just got in line and were waiting to get some wine.  Useless fact: they're 26th in line.  So in theory, at 5:00 we're in the first seating.  And so it happens, the publicly-underwritten public transit arrives (my one-way trip cost $1.25, my gf's unvalidated parking fee was $12) and two Hop Knots later, we're sitting down and waiting.  Typical order, one of everything, two Biancoverdes.  At this point being almost review #200, the details are irrelevant.  The crust is great, the cheese is great, the Sonny Boy is uber-salty and delicious, fruity olive oil, holy shit these roasted peppers, etc.  Why is that person staring at me through the window?So I guess the point is, if you make it your only point to go to Bianco, it's hard to be disappointed.
hghI4qb8mDNGko2GSHx3Ew	B-FG89Jw729_i5rfA7FT7A	3	0	I'm always on the lookout for a morning coffee place  and decided to stop at the Coffee Bean. Since I am always interested in trying new places, it looked inviting and clean, and was close to where I was going.They had the usual items you find in a coffee shop, and there was ample seating, with outside tables. That said, it wasn't anything out of the ordinary. However, if I am in the area, and need coffee to drink while reading my newspaper, this is a good option.
jqjDuUnyshAzGQSIyQwdEQ	nBfusVbqwul0BU0Rcrlelw	2	0	yeah, this is the place where pseudo sushi afficienandos go to feel like their really exotic food experts. if it's got cream cheese in it, it ain't sushi, and this place has cc is just about every roll.happy hour is LOUD in the bar. not fun loud, but "let's crank the bad early 90s alt rock and top 40 emo rock as loud as possible" seemingly as catch all for the only demographics who will like this place- early 20s and late 40s and 50s who want to seem like they still know how to get down with the younger generation.because it's ahwatukee (a "sleepy bedroom" community that is pretty affluent all in all and likes to be reminded), the crowd can be obnoxious, even more than this bar already is.again, i recommend it as a place to go and be rowdy, not to eat great sushi.
fXHzQAUjOkOt7Ey10vKfAg	yQONzVpX-DEpGSuKMIov6A	4	0	Nice ambiance, nice authentic spicy chinese food.  As good as you can get here in Arizona;  it aint L.A or San Fran, but does a good job to satisfy the craving for real chinese. Of all the Cofco asian restaurants, this is one of the more presentable ones to bring business clients or a new date, if ambiance is key to scoring positive brownie points.     For some bizarre reason, on the weekends, it is filled with asian-women/white guy couples,    which strikes me as hilarious.  If it wasn't for this,  I would eat there multiple times a week. Asian woman orders from real chinese menu;  her white guy orders from chow mein menu. Side note:  Get a grip; asian women check each other out, and  usually not in a nice way--like in a sizing you up-comparing you to herself way--so I usually end up losing my appetite when I catch one of them staring at me (and my man) and whispering to her white guy or her girlfriends about me;  yah, I understand the shit you say about me, asian girls, because I speak your language too, hello! So I compensate for my chinese food cravings by quick carry out.  Works like a charm every time.  I'm happy, my own Cracker is happy.  Owner gets lots of business and is happy.  We all win.
mbhXq3Tg4VFOEm3kWpdhvg	zw2iJahOnSxlzmRlF4al6g	5	1	GET. THE. CIDER. Just do it. I'm a huge cider fan and this is the best I've ever had. Not syrupy sweet, and nice and cloudy so you know that it's been brewed from actual fruit and not some secret sugar concoction. Their master brewer also brews all of their sodas. Grab a taster for the sodas and see which one you like best. My favorite is the vanilla. The staff is ridiculously friendly and willing to answer any questions you have and will have a nice chat with you if they're not busy. The sandwiches are quite tasty as well. I've had the Mario's Monster Mill-wich, and my boyfriend has had the tuna and the French dip. All have been really good, but if you don't like a lot of feta on your sandwich I would suggest letting them know because they really pile it on (Mario's)! I love it so it was no problem for me.
xcGov-ej12psx--6WmQVhg	IW9yHeqnFCEbO5s1UCrqeA	2	1	The desserts are a little bland and are pricey given the small size.  I've had better Japanese bakery items elsewhere.
NiYiXSGSMqd_JehbwG7txA	IwhkOh4fPsiU7TThIsz6Og	5	0	Everything here is awesome! I love the Kung Pao shrimp and the Hong Kong soup which has wontons and and egg noodles they make in house. The soup they bring out before your meal is delicious as well. Everything tastes made to order, always fresh never greasy, and is presented beautifully. The staff is very friendly and attentive. Definitely try this place! It's a regular lunch spot for my office. They also have great lunch specials. :)
1AqE_z07w-kufK2wYA245w	VVeogjZya58oiTxK7qUjAQ	3	5	Sorry, I really just don't get it. I didn't hate it and I'm not hating on it now, but I don't see what all the fuss is about.* Pizzas slapped together resulting in uneven, soggy crusts. Our party ordered 5 of the 6 available.* Psychological warfare of having to wait forever for just a few tables maintains an air of pompous superiority that tricks the famished patrons into reporting the pizza is a lot better than it really is. Waiter actually boasted about the 3 to 4 hour Saturday night wait, which we got around by having reservations!* Bottles of iced tea and other drinks bought in bulk rather than any alternative that would make more sense.Good? Not bad... Best in the Phoenix Valley? HIGHLY debatable, but personally I really can't say that I think so... Best is the USA? Impossible, there's just no way.LGO is better. Cibo is better. Spinato's is better.Most hyped? Most definitely.
Zq-p1AU512qs0tHDjB_0mw	z3yFuLVrmH-3RJruPEMYKw	4	3	Great sandwiches at reasonable prices. The bread is good, the au jus was flavorful and not too salty, and the sausages are made daily.  It was nice to find a place to get great sandwiches. The line moves a little slow, but it's definitely worth the wait. I had the italian beef and my friend had the sausage, both were great.
nRpDYEtOhbXL2AISgF-8CQ	Z_KjmNp3sMwodUBTSgFZGw	5	1	If you are looking for top-notch produce and organic goodies then NGD is the best. Pricing can't be beat and it's delivered as well. Always great quality, and a large selection. Easy ordering process and awesome customer service. One of the reasons I am sad not to live in Scottsdale anymore.
VmlUmx2xl6o7bkFuBa_zmA	Pg8OPh1D2ws0xO-I-8ppoA	4	0	I  frequent this joint often to relax outside on the patio and drink wine and/or beer.  The service here is outstanding.  My vegan friend particularly likes this place because they make her vegan friendly pizza.  As a carnivour I love their italian sausage.  And for all you cheese lovers their mozerella is made fresh daily!  I am more of a beer fan than a wine person so it is worth mentioning they have an extensive beer list, including quite a few beers on tap.The sign above the patio says 'Patio and Wine Bar', so it can be easy to miss if you are looking for the full name on the sign.
ZfEemRGcK5n1rCaRyNnjCw	Tsff0UUVgrnawjI_xd2cKg	1	0	I was really excited to try this restaurant, and tonight my husband and I came and ordered food to take-out. The service was very friendly and the store was clean, cute, and colorful...but the food was very disappointing. My husband ordered the curry chicken, and although it tasted okay, he literally almost choked on tiny bones in the meat 4 or 5 times. I asked ahead of time if they used white meat and was told yes, but the "Calypso Pasta" I ordered had tiny, tiny pieces of dark meat jerk chicken...instead of the boneless white strips I was expecting, and really it was just mediocre. I'm bummed I wanted to like this place.
KsWX2prP6L6BopYqpxP3pw	B54ozdLlH5ozkwnweskhYg	4	0	I go here often. This is my kind of place for a leisurely coffee and roll. Big, open, airy, warm atmosphere. Only downside is it gets too crowded. So find your own place for coffee, this is mine!
dn2T5q5s4JTef4F31e-hkg	1zPhQ3_jdmQTn9_--IbYLQ	4	0	Bring an extra sleeve of balls when you play here for all the water hazards! I showed up today (Sunday) and was a little thrown off by all the people at the bag drop wearing football jerseys. Especially when the people wearing jerseys were the ones grabbing my clubs and putting them in a cart. Thought I was at Buffalo Wild Wings! I thought this was a very nice course but the reason it didn't get 5 stars was because it just didn't have that top notch feel that other Troon managed properties have. The greens were very inconsistent; some really fast, some really slow, and some were bumpy. The grass on gold was extremely long and it was very easy to lose your ball in the rough because the grass was so deep. Blue was cut much better but I had a couple complaints with holes 7 and 9. If you're playing the blue course in the late afternoon, you might as well close your eyes while teeing off at 7 and 9 because the architect made the course so you look directly into the sun. I sneaked on today for $44 bucks and was very satisfied with what I got for the price. If I didn't live 15 miles away, and could always get on for $40 I'd probably golf here a lot more. If the green fees are above $50, I just couldn't justify it with all the other nice options around the valley. On a final note, I was EXTREMELY impressed by the staff and how friendly they were. I was not only asked how my round of golf went, I was also told how glad they were that I came out, and finally that they really hope to see me again. Definitely don't get that kind of service too often!
YlqYJjUepiBlZV6GveWuRg	ykKSshfa9ANCZCuvM2LaWg	3	17	I was watching a Judge Judy show today and JJ was really giving the business to this loser (you know...had bad credit, met a chick, she took a credit card in her name, he didn't pay her back, she's shocked, now they're in court)...she was RIDING his ass. It was awesome. Finally she said "what planet are you from?"...Dude with mullet bows his head, darts his eyes from JJ and says "Why, I'm from Wisconsin Judge Judy".LMAO!Culver's, by way of the Dairy State, has settled on Camelback and Central. Rickie and I ate here after seeing Date Night on our "date night". Thought it was a cute, innocent, 1950s way to wrap up our afternoon. You know, kinda like Richie and Laurie Beth. Please, I need to check ID's on this reference. I'm sure Rickie wouldn't pass this one!Culver's was very clean with well trained and polite employees...think In N Out. We ordered the famous Butter Burgers along with various sides. Burgers. Yum! Sides. Ugh! Would rather have had Ore Ida. Cheese curds had a thick, icky overcooked batter with a Q tip sized cheese curd, fries were limp and sad (kind of like Jesse James career and life now) and the chicken tenders were standard fast food fare.Root Beer! Outstanding! Smoothie was OK...probably should have went with a good old fashion malt. But who knew?We had a fabulous booth across from a large open window with a fantastic Sunday breeze cooling our curds. I would go back for a burger and root beer. I might even wear a Packers or Brewers t shirt...just to see if I get some free stuff.
xVsnBJTFX-BsjJKi0yoMtA	GAPqG0WNBBidKeZTMpEZ-w	5	1	I can't say enough good things about this place. Quick disclosure: When I was working for the Downtown YMCA, I discovered Local Breeze as I was searching for businesses to participate in our fund-raising campaign. Local Breeze was totally down to contribute. So on top of getting that delicious meal, know that your money is largely going back to the community. Awesome.But the food (and drinks) are really what keep me coming back. The coca-cola ham is delish, and the serving sizes are pretty decent. You definitely get your money's worth. And there's a reason why my profile says that my "recent discovery" is "spiced cottage cheese from Local Breeze." That was written months ago, but I don't think I've discovered anything quite as amazing yet. And I normally don't even like cottage cheese.The last time I went was for my bday dinner, and again, it didn't let me down. We had good food, good drinks, and a good time in general. The bartender mixed up this killer cucumber martini, which sounds weird, but if you're a martini fan, go for it. If you're feeling less risky, you can't go wrong with their mojito.
nG1b-1CxsE_ir-s4k6m0Bw	1F-pelV0fTduYV_vCrvjLA	5	5	This place is literally within walking distance from my apartment, yet I have passed by it daily. This morning I was hungry for breakfast and had a lot of things to do so I thought I would try something close. I have noticed the parking lot is usually full, so I thought it must be good. I had no idea what type of food they had or what to expect.It was Sunday morning just around 9:30 and I was fortunate to be able to walk in and instantly have a table. The server was very friendly and she checked back often always refilling my coffee. The menu is a little newspaper and it's a bit overwhelming with many options, but I finally settled on the volcano. It is described as three pancakes, 2 sausage links, 2 bacon strips, and an egg. The pancakes are three different sizes and stacked to create a volcano with the egg on top. It was under $9 and I was surprised at the size of it! I attempted but could not finish it. The big pancake was left uneaten. They do have a smaller option for around $6 and that might be the better way to go unless you have just returned from a month long trip through the jungle or plan to share with someone. The server continued to check on me and even offered up a to go cup of coffee. I don't know how I have overlooked this place but based on the experience today, I would put it right at the top of best spots in town for breakfast. I will say come early because by the time I was leaving the lobby was full, people were milling around the parking lot, and the wait to be seated was 15 minutes.
_6LWiRnz0RgKwlhf9eQ-fA	JRzrqJmsQ5AZ4bMQLUfyHg	3	1	I personally love the other crackers so much more. I think it's the better customer service I'm never really impressed with the services here. It's either okay or a little below expectation something always happens when I come here. Something is forgotten or the wait is ridiculous just for the check to be picked up to be paid for or something. I can never tell you because it always changes.  Food wise...good. this last visit the French toast was NOT as amazing as it usually is. So kind of bummed about that. And my skillet I must have ordered the wrong thing because I usually just get the skillet with carnitas eggs and potatoes this time their was chorizo in it so it made my potatoes soggy:(  those things are another reason for dropped stars and also because I dont care for Chorizo and all its oils. For food and service to be off is unusual. But it happened so i always remember if you want the best you have to go to the best and this place is not it. Go to the one in mesa behind Home depot and beside Holiday Inn!
HHvUn1TB9XjtvL7qxWT7yA	PzbEhqo8uz2D-3OchHIPzQ	4	1	Good & fast food. Prices are fair. They charge a fee for Bank cards.
cNIaPe1Cg4uHfEfa3meiWA	AryNioF9fxl8RYGiIE7fSA	4	1	A yummy-in my tummy cozy spot! I met a friend for lunch here and was pleasantly surprised. The food is full of flavor and very reasonable. They give you huge portions, and the service is very friendly. I got a salad and the caprese bruchetta. What a perfect combo! The bold garlic taste of the bruschetta, washed down by a light salad. My salad had the perfect amount of dressing. I wish we had this place in So Cal, I would definitely come more often!
CWyyvYCV-wzDjJVGbk5Mtg	vSWEXsXmJw5ozuF4zqE9ng	4	1	Half of Bottles of Wine!  Open 7A to  12A 7 Days a Week.My Florist displays one of the Valley's largest sings and salad menus. The story of name comes from an old flower shop and the current owners of My Florist continued to use the sign and name.The  fresh products, from the bread to the veggies and fruits equals four stars to me.  The service is friendly and the servers know their stuff but I have never been blown away by the service operations.   Dessert,Amazing, This is a place that I will drive to just to have a dessert and perhaps some wine to go along with it.  The place takes reservations late so don't be afraid to stop in late.   LIve music Tuesday - Sunday.  Nicole Pesce plays the piano W-S  ((Please Send me a message if you know of any other restaurants with live music))The relaxed atmosphere is created by a very open dinning area.  And don't forget to go next door during the day to visit Willio Grocery. I'm amazed how different the reviews are for the restaurant.  Please see for your self and see why so many people yelp (good or bad) about the place.
oC3NTNCTczDMrYQeTQO0Hg	VKNl2-aF4n1x7lPVyU-Mag	4	1	EXCELLENT!  What a fun time we had.  Hubby and I went out for my bday celebration and were so glad that we did.  What a fun and comfortable experience.  We walked in and were greeted right away.  We had made reservations but there was absolutely no reason to.  It was a Monday night and really @ 7:30 there wasn't a whole lot going on.  Alec was our server.  We opted to sit in the bar area.  Same menu available.  We started off with the Haas Guac and the Green Chile Stew.  We initially made the mistake thinking that the stew was going to be like the kind @ Roaring Fork.  It's not.  They would do themselves a favor if they called it hash.  I suppose hash is not as appealing as stew.  Nonetheless it was good.  The little fry breads that they give were not my favorite but it was good with the chips that came with the guac.  I had the pork tenderloin and hubs had the mac and cheese with chicken.  Both good.  Really good.  It would have been a five star review but there was something weird tasting in my diet coke.  Like soap or something.  Hubby thought maybe it was because they probably didn't sell a whole lot of soda product. I dunno.  Could have been the straw, the glass, syrup ratio to C02. And by far which is probably the best part of the restaurant.  THE BEST CHAIRS in the world.  So comfy.  So plush.  You could sit there for hours and never leave.  IF you had them in your home you would never leave.  EVER!!!!
Q4xhIcWf9gqlmQsEcIRclw	OOCLVeqqMFfSnKa7liv0Kw	4	0	Great mall. has pretty much everything.
Kd53qk6QX2RxL8wt7GfB2A	di2QHs2SrY0XFHcfAq_k2A	5	0	Excellent customer service, super clean, and the food's not bad at all.  Despite the fact that I asked for extra mayo on my sammy, but got NO mayo, was a little annoying.  But, for some reason, something told me to pick up some packets of mayo.  So I was in the clear and my annoyance never gained traction into anything that prevented me from returning.  That, and the sandwich was pretty yummo.  They also give a pickle and a free bag of chips to go with it.I do not, however, recommend the chocolate chip cookie.  No bueno.
xnnqQAkpbRx9KrTyPDPmbw	qb4PzVr19bXXLBf71dd5kQ	1	1	From my door, it's a five minute stroll through the greenbelt to Dukes. They have a nice patio. They have enough TVs to show all MLB/NFL/NBA games. They have plenty of shuffleboard and pool tables. Yet, I've only been to Duke's a few times and I am not going back. This place is just bad.Mixed drinks are poured short and use cheap mixers (such as bottled sour mix for margaritas). They offer a pretty basic beer selection. I think PBR pitchers might be more modestly priced, but that might be only when they're on "special."The food is pretty bad, even for bar food. And pricey. Sure, the menu is gigantic and I've tried many different items, but I didn't find anything good. Everything seems to be made from "freezer to fryer" or packaged products. I'm not exaggerating: the burger and fries for about $8 is a thin, previously frozen patty with a handful or supermarket fries. I could go on about salads, sandwiches, and ribs. In the same price range, you can get a much better version of anything on the menu at Four Peaks or Zipps or even Devil's Advocate.One of the owners was there on a few occasions. I guess being the boss of (and drinking in) his own bar is some sort of dream of his. He treats the place like his kingdom. He'll ask patrons "how is everything?" and get mad at them if they have anything negative to say. I feel bad for the rest of the service staff; they seem to be above average, but when the overall situation is this bad it just doesn't matter.In this city, sports bars are a dime a dozen. I'd rather go elsewhere.
d3gYkRfYRlt2NTV-7eVzpg	QCxXYA13PtkD3wec47_r8Q	1	0	Wow?!  Is this the new Barcelona?!  Yuck!  Old scuzy men and middle aged women with fake boobs that are falling out of their painted on dresses.  All bars were completely under staffed on a Friday night.  We waited 7 minutes at the front bar until being ignored continuously and we became so frustrated that we made our way to the round bar and it seemed just as understaffed.  What's the point of only having a few bartenders on probably the busiest night of the week for bar-goers?  We even approached the blond manager to ask for service and she was completely rude and had a total lack of desire to help us.  We will NOT return due to the lack of service and efficiency.  This place has GOT to staff more bartenders and needs much more help.  Welcome to North Scottsdale Barcelona.
EqwQIojP46MwQVAwHpUrNg	41j3GB7M-Lwq284Pfb9zgw	2	6	I was not a particular fan of this place. Went on a Friday evening after work. A friend wanted to try it because we always enjoy supporting new, local places.They do have a very large selections of beer but the process is very confusing. All of the beers on tap are written on a very large chalkboard above the bar. They use several different colors of chalk for each selection making it very hard to read. It may be easier if they pick one color of chalk for each type of beer, that way it is easy to find what you want. Or have #1-5 be one type of beer, #6-10 another and so on. My boyfriend spent so long trying to find a beer on the board because of this. Two of our friends were so overwhelmed with the way the selections were presented they just asked the server to surprise them with a choice. The acoustics in the place are terrible. It was so loud inside that it was hard to carry on a conversation at the table. Also, no happy hour. This would be a great way to draw in an after work crowd.
z-7knCp-Roz694OZwAPcKw	Nz_AasmpsQ8MLSqhCTRVoA	5	0	I traveled to Phoenix often for work from the early 90's to the late 00's and the first thing I'd do leaving the airport was to hit the Pink Pepper lunch buffet, hence I've never ordered from the menu or had their dinner service, but their lunch buffet was awesome!  Very reasonably priced, including an iced tea.  It may not necessarily be the most authentic Thai food as I think they reduce the heat a bit but the flavors were excellent and the variety was good.  Loved their eggplant dish (can't recall the name) and their crispy chicken with the creamy sauce, and of course the usual curry sauce dishes.If I'm ever back in Phoenix again the Pink Pepper will be one of the first places I go.
G7f_vWLGMfkDenOTmamd9A	JokKtdXU7zXHcr20Lrk29A	4	0	There food is pretty good here but they have a lot of different brews, I tried a pumpkin beer witch was very good. This place used to be real quite and unnotice now it's always busy and very crowded. It is located away from mill ave by about 3 miles so if your trying to bar hop make sure you have a dd and stop by this place.
SZ3vNmTgzm-NbDDBDjt7zw	jqZKv-7F54guDLalXEjHxg	4	0	Been to a few different locations and this one by far is the best one. The food seems better than the others.
flpiiXKS4JmP6Yw5PLgj2w	UIfORCz28cEGMr_9p0eJ5g	4	4	Perhaps a bit on the pricey side, but sometimes you pay for atmosphere. This very sexy and trendy joint is located at City North (next to Blue Martini). I ordered the #1 sirloin burger with carmelized onions, gorgonzola, crescenza (soft, buttery cheese), arugula & thousand island dressing. OMG! It was massive and juicy and made me lose all dining diplomacy as the juices dripped down my arm! My friend built his own w/ hickory bbq sauce, cheddar and bacon. On the side we had onion rings, sweet potatoe fries mixed w/ reg fries. Errrr....lemme make sure my gym membership is still active!! LOLPersonally, and I know this will cause a small uproar, I think the burgers are FAR better than Delux! I never understood the Delux cult following anyway. There...I said it! :)I even endulged in the Guinnes milkshake (Guinness beer/vanilla bean & chocolate ice cream)! You know the saying don't knock it til you try it??This would be one of those times. When's the last time you had a sugar high and a buzz at the same time off a desert....hmmm?? Bon Appetite!
m8JBuwO7H5M6uv-_1pNgbw	yTFdhqH9eLzaP05xXQa2rw	5	0	Had the pastrami sandwich. It brought me back memories of living in NYC and eating that first pastrami. It was good.  Good food hAs the power of time travel. This is a great place. Plus the coke is primo. Good mixture. The ice makes it over the top.
cnRKlXHSE0k8Ro7dHa94Cw	pwpl-rxwNRQdgqFz_-qMPg	4	1	The Parlor is one of my go to favorites when I'm craving pizza, going on a first date or have friends and family in town. I always have a serious conflict between the margarita pizza v. the pesto pizza. They are both sooo good. Lately I've been going for the margarita with a side of marinara side. Usually pair it with caesar salad.
aeXZGKD0_pgnHyZKxYU45w	qRBeZAFiId0ainBtpFSGuQ	2	1	Have been to the Garage twice now and they are batting 1 for 2.   Went there on a Saturday for lunch and the food and service was excellent.  I had the pulled pork sandwich with sweet potatoe fries which was original for pulled pork served on a pizza crust bun.  My girlfriend had the buffalo chicken salad which was really good, grilled chicken in buffalo sauce on top of baby greens.  Excellent beer selection.Went there on a Friday for happy hour and got there a little before 6, there was a 30 min wait for a indoor table or immediate seating on the patio, so we decided to sit on the patio.  Hostess sat us and said a server will be by shortly, normal procedure.  About 10 minutes later no server had come by and the hostess returned and asked us if we ave been helped yet, we said no so the hostess said she will get someone.  Another 10 minutes and no server.  It wasn't busy on the patio about 5 tables occupied, all with food and drink.  We decided that they must not want our business, so we went next door to Sushi Eye.Will try again, just won't sit on the patio.
DufvlO5HC_GD2Y8PHidILA	OEQMqI-duBA1gbBFzi7BPw	1	1	I hadn't been to Fuddruckers for about 20 years... now I know why.  Cashier was nice and very helpful.  I ordered bacon cheese burger combo.  Fries were only warm, not hot.  Burger was not very tasty and it was full of gristle bits... you know the ones that stick between your teeth.  Lots of trash on the floor.  After we were finished, someone came to ask how things were.  I told here about the fries and she offered to get me more; I declined.  She offered a free dessert: I accepted.  In all, not a good experience, will probably be at least another 20 years before I go back.
OHQj2xhSKlbL8nnNV5U4Jg	nRO4tRwimU12hg7Cnz__iA	5	3	Eden's Grill has to be one of my favorite, and newly discovered Middle Eastern/Mediterranean restaurant in the PHX metro. Located in a sleepy strip mall, close to Artie's Ace, is EG. My partner and I had the opportunity to have dinner here a few weeks ago and we were totally wowed by everything! We started off with the hummus, followed by two orders of the vegetarian plate. The vegetarian plates were huge and featured dolmades, falafel, rice, veggie skewers and veggie patties (2). The vegetarian plate was massive and everything on the plate was delicious. Next time we'll pay the extra $5 and split one Vegetarian Plate instead of getting two. The pita and hummus were fresh and delicious, however, I find EG's hummus to be a a little thick for my preference and they use a heavy dose of tahini in their hummus. Overall, I would totally recommend EG to anyone with an itch for Middle Eastern/Mediterranean food but be warned, they aren't open for lunch on the weekends yet.
6wFkP1odFM6CDCgJuX6R6g	Mh85-BDqDHlngT8G2ZnRWg	4	1	If you are in the mood for pizza this is possibly the best pizza, no it is the best pizza that I have had thus far from tempe.  This is a five star if Tempe was the only place in arizona.They have amazing pizza that does not taste like a piece of hot cardboard with tomato past and a sad excuse for cheese.  Unlike other pizza places the owners are some real italians and keeps the company in the family.Recommendation: To anyone living in tempe and enjoys a REAL pizza.
4sV0vcNO0qyOxwxfbsG3Vg	mhQCxOiqp03qnhGRTtPduw	4	0	UnPhogettable- a poemTrying new things can be oh so frightfulso it helps to have owners that are oh so delightfulStart out with springs rolls to begin the meal,I liked the peanut sauce so much that I let out a squeal!And ah the pho, the main show if you will, both my tummy and soul it did fill.I've also had their chicken dishes a time or two,those are quite good if soup's not for you.The lighting is dim and the tables lack in style,but once you get past that you'll be there a while.
IFc6QJwtfCU20aVqVlmg4w	WyJRPTn2FCFdj2cYT9pqyw	4	0	In my opinion, this is one of the best restaurants on and/or near Baseline Rd in Tempe.Their service is great! You will be greeted from the time that you step a foot through their door. Unfortunately, per today's so-called standards this is not a very common courtesy. If you a first time customer or a returning customer, you can ask the person behind a counter to recommend a meal for you or you can ask for a minute or five. As a very indecisive person when it comes to choosing an item from a menu... I really, REALLY appreciate it when I do not feel rushed when it comes to making such an important decision in my overwhelmed life. :PI haven't tried too many things from their menu because I usually stick to my favorite: Award Winning Gyro Lunch/ Dinner. A plate of delicious slices of beef and lamb, carved off the rotisserie, served with fresh toasted pita.Lunch is served with your choice of the sides... Oh, and did I mentioned that their prices are extremely affordable! $5-$13 price range!!So, enjoy your meal and make sure that you do get a chance to turn around as you are walking out because they WILL thank you for coming!Kudos to you... my dear My Big Fat Greek Express owners and employees for making my oh-so-many dining experiences pleasant! I shall forever cherish thee!!
2l4P-VEwggoi7S5qELfKHQ	r9sGMJ084n4IS9eGmlCKjg	5	4	Consistent is a great word to describe this place. The food is consistently great; the service is consistently great; the regulars are consistently there. (they're great too). It has a comfortable smoking/drinking patio and great prices during happy hour. The staff and owner is always (consistently) accommodating and friendly. You feel like you are part of the family here. Food I'd recommend: Any fish served Greek style, the Prime Rib, the burgers and definitely the fillet medallions with the gorgonzola wine sauce. All the food is good though and you gotta love the salad bar!
yIVAO0dL8iDxoQM5U1pv7w	KT_r7qwU8sSfcR31zETGkg	4	0	I've eaten at this Smashburger a few times and I'm always pleased with my food and the friendliness of the staff.  On my most recent visit, I called ahead to pick up my family's order and we were not disappointed, once again.  We ordered a variety of menu items (and in typical 'When Harry Met Sally...' style) - a grilled chicken spinach and goat cheese sandwich (subbing the goat cheese for American & changing the multigrain bun to egg), a build-your-own burger with an egg bun, spicy chipotle mayo, pickles and onions, an order of Smashfries, an order of french fries and an order of fried pickles.  Everything was made perfectly to order and plenty of extra sauces (ranch, etc;) were provided without having to ask.  On weekends, this shop is jam packed and it's a wait to get a table, but worth it.  During the week, everything flows very smoothly and the vultures "circling" for booths is at a minimum.  I highly recommend this Smashburger location whether dining in or taking taking your meal on the go.
W-9P2BYSk51_ftA1ho26Lw	Sm-KSR7qtHmP-Z1yBPxedA	2	1	This Safeway is nice and is close to my house, but after visiting this weekend I have to stay I am going to stick with Bashas. The prices are definitely higher on my normal items at Safeway. Also, I know Safeway can't really control this, but the vibe is not as friendly. The parking lot was packed, there were grumpy folks looking for spots. This is the same Safeway that my husband was at when a guy and his girlfriend walked up to him and offered him $5 to help get him a hair cut. My husband's hair wasn't even that long (maybe an inch or two). I don't know what it is that draws that type of crowd, but Bashas has a much more home-town feel.
FPWS5DY5DNNyVl_Duu6cCw	jRfdz5voj40P6WS9L54caw	5	0	Just went for my first time last night with "the "girls". Two of us heard about it and after I read the reviews and checked out the menu it was slated for our next night out.Anyway we had a memorable evening with wine, the make-your-own cheeseboard and the to-die-for pear and gorganzola flatbread pizza. It was topped with fried sage leaves -- different and delicious. Afterward we were able to fit dessert and shared a huge slice of fresh layer cake filled and frosted with dark chocolate. Sublime! Can't wait to go back and try other dishes - definitely made it to my 'Restaurants to Frequent' list :)
uioGU4llZCstxsuy37IjuQ	0_vMnSRqc5aZUg1eBk3l2g	2	1	uuuuuugh. What a sorry disappointment of a meal. The BF and I went here for dinner tonight and it was pretty not good. I got the pick two with the balsamic steak 'panini' and the chicken stew. The BF got a turkey 'panini.' Well....his 'panini' was barely toasted, let alone a panini. My sandwich was toasted but the steak was pretty gross....chewy and tasted like it came out of a bag. The tomatoes were mealy. The whole thing was sad. The chicken stew was decent, but had that plastic -y look to it. I always find that a little disturbing. It came with a biscuit that was really gross and didn't go with the stew at all. Both of our cookies were raw in the middle. Plus the meal cost 20$. Really?! 20$?!?! Are they kidding me? I could get a countless amount of better food for that money. Not awesome. Not even good. I won't be returning.
Vnr2wuBXEjbLtfQT_XuDSQ	YCCDMLcb7UW8G-o_HsWiiA	5	0	Awesome food anyone??? Go check out Modern Steak in Scottsdale, AZ.Gorgeous dining room! Excellent service (with our server Gabe)! And the food was AAAMMMAZZING!It's located at Fashion Mall, but it's NOT a "mall" restaurant. A MUST go!
yU7W-WFau7IKNL-mu5Eo7w	8t80-omyflkywRfu9LPh6g	5	1	Dude...a happy hour that is TRULY happy!!!  This joint is relatively swank for all the deals it has.  Nice decor, good bar, FRESH seafood (seriously...this is some good quality).  Starting at 4:00 p.m., they have $5 martinis AND $0.75 oysters.  YUM!On top of that, they offer discounts on other appetizers such as the bread and cheese plate, a GIANT crab cake, a salads, and shrimp dishes.  All are tasty.For all the Zoners out there (yeah, I said it), you have to check out this place.  You will have a great time! NOTE - beware of dirty old men.  They'll hit on your friends!
Q1XN0L0P5evdBYZZNRUFCw	pwpl-rxwNRQdgqFz_-qMPg	5	0	Awesome, awesome, awesome....everything was fantastic. The innovative drink menu, the pizza was out of this world and the bartender was very personable. A++ I would definitely recommend this place to everyone. Ban't wait to return!
wgEUSAcuqwQbgW90di2YiQ	eek3lFfNMKULpwTSHGwzQA	3	0	This place confounds me...They have an excellent beer and wine selection. As a matter of fact, their beer selection is one of the best I've seen in AZ. Tons of micro-beers and many different and unique bottles of rare Euro- brau. For the selection, to stop by and pick something up and go, this place is great. As a restaurant/Wine Bar bar, I give this place a big...Meh.The service was terrible. Of the party of 6, everyone that ordered a glass of wine, only got one. They sat with their glasses empty for at least 30 minutes. Those of us drinking beer, just walked over to cooler and grabbed a beer. We also had an appetizer. We got the warm pretzels with gourmet mustard. It was frozen pretzels they microwaved with Honey mustard. They were still cool in the middle and a little stale. Maybe it was just an off night or something, I'll probably give it another shot.
5E9Q7R_vcAAcup3sdbip6g	zmjWXerSZlB0eRLxrKevYQ	4	0	This place has decent, prompt sandwiches, and I'll take it any day over every other sandwich chain in the Valley.
e4igIkKyhP60FsxRGCUjFQ	3oZcTGb_oDHGwZFiP-7kxQ	4	0	My fiance and I eat at Chelsea's about once a month. We love the chicken nachitos. Don't be fooled by the name; they are enormous. There is nothing "ito" about them. They come generously topped with fresh shredded chicken, silky melted white cheese, chunky guacamole, and sour cream. That appetizer is accompanied by a fantastic red salsa. Yum. Another of our favorite entrees is the swordfish tacos. The fish is always tender and cooked to perfection. I love the homemade tortillas and kale salad too. The service is always impeccable. They are quick to refill bevs and ask how we are doing.
fpb28HGGrE_yT234vzWwfQ	xIdyiVoX5woL8iKHYKoiWw	5	2	It's pretty awesome here!  I was traveling in Phoenix for work and had to get my raw food fix (I eat a raw diet at home and as much as I can while traveling) and this was excellent!  The portions were large and the price was good.  The same type of food in places like Chicago are much more expensive.  I got the raw taco's for lunch and the blueberry fields salad to-go.  They were both great!  I also had an appetizer but that ended up being too much food so I packed it, too.  The location is actually fairly close to the airport (10 min drive) and so it will be my preferred place to go when I'm in Phoenix.
z3JC3wZkHdw2oyyVfw-JwQ	NLVcGseUhgQdABs1mIYk8g	2	0	They must have had a slammed lunch as I came in around 1:30 ( by the time I found my way back from the old station) and for a new place the counters were dirty.  I hate when the counter help is eating in the dining room, I feel like I am inconveniencing them.  The vegetarian choices are limited and the Pho was good for 8 bucks.  I have eaten Pho at another place in Mesa and enjoyed it more. I won't run back to this one but if someone else was paying and wouldn't cave to other suggestions I would not die of it either.
G6YUVoYwRI1sQ6zjWuiFXw	G9LwkTSdKOyOGqd5BbuIkA	4	1	I went for lunch with my mother-in-law, she had the veggie fajitas, and I had a chicken burro with green enchilada sauce. we both enjoyed our meals.
EDxwfkAZnYJSHSLMnc6FiQ	IMGW6y8wHQCfr_6k-YXg_A	5	0	Service is always great, and the waiters are plesant and nice to have serve you.  This is one of my favorite breweries to come too.  They have a good selection of beer that is made in house, and you can also get a growler of any type to take home (or home made root beer, which is also amazing)  I have never had anything less than a great meal in the around 60 times I have ate here.
2lw14kNEFhSpiyaxJGgS-w	xYIFrDywauczSt_wX6s-cA	1	0	Everything about this company sucks. Walmart treats their customers and employees horribly, I mean HORRIBLY! They destroy the communities in which they sit. I'm done, never shopping here again, I don't care how cheap something might be, there is a high cost to low prices afterall...
m1a8UsK4JqeHo2qsEzrcCg	cp39VURFby4A6u9m2It8jg	3	0	Someone already commented on the large Cow mural, I was not going to because it might just be me, but I have heard a few comments about it now. Yea, really odd choice, and kind of uncomfortable to be eating a burger and having Elsa the Cow, with very sad eyes, staring at you while your biting into one of her relatives. Other then that, I feel that they did a good job on the decor. Really nice in fact. Now I ordered the Zin Burger, and it was very good. I mean as I was eating it, it was as good as any burger that I have had. As good as Gallo Blanco, and Hula's. Very juicy, flavorful, I liked the bun. It was a 5 star until I stopped eating it. Yep, then it lost a star. How? After I was done, my mouth turned into the Salton Sea. Holy crap, easy on the sodium chef!!! Way too much salt. Now I know what salt does, but overkill. I actually tasted salt for the next hour.  You had me with everything else, just don' t want to feel that I just sucked on a pretzel. Only other complaint is the pricing. Like everyone else on here, I think the pricing is all wrong. Especially if your going solo. I mean as a single diner I have to order a basket of fries? I thought Delux was stupid for doing so, why make the same bad move. I also saw most people sharing a burger. If thats not a sign, when customers have to get creative on how to eat at your place without breaking the bank, take a good hard look at how you might make your customers more happy. Look at it this way Fox team.             Zin Burger                                  10.00             Basket fries                                   5.00             Draft Beer                                      5.50             Second draft beer because              my mouth is a salt shaker        5.50             Desert (are you kidding, I'm             out of money).                                                                                    25.50                                                         tax      2.25                                                     Total    27.75    Wow, I am back in NYC at these prices!!!
8evfajVpQcxcXftzKyHoPw	IceZ4BtTz76eppjNWm-c6A	2	1	My experience was on a random Saturday afternoon, and I think that might skew my opinion a bit.During my visit we were the only guests dining.  There was one guy at the bar that was friends with the employees.  The atmosphere is mellow.  And I can imagine it being a pretty happening place on weekend evenings.The prices were a bit high for what we ate.  I had a pita sandwich and it was just under $10.  The lunch prices are a bit steep.The food was okay, but nothing I'd go back time and time again for.
K6h2ZtsisF5g5gUpMapHUg	hfl62LX14YqNpG0g0Tj6_Q	5	3	Great little restaurant.  The staff is super friendly, and their happy hour specials are pretty amazing.  I got thePanko crusted Tipalia which was a little dry, but my girlfriend's stuffed mahi mahi was delicious.  The Horchata bread pudding was really good too.  They have a nice patio where most of the customers sit, I will be bringing my dog with me next time.  It is a bit expensive, so be prepared to drop some money, but it's definitely worth checking out.
AhS7wfTI9GxjMsYvQmVbLg	V1nEpIRmEa1768oj_tuxeQ	4	0	LOVE LOVE LOVE the ambience outside! Love the fact the restaurant is in a old style bungalow and the patio is lit with string lights.I went there for the first time last night 15min before close and I dont know if they usually have music or not..but if they don't, they need it. Food was great but nothing to die for.
WbSuagIlBL8t51KhPe31-g	s87D-mtAuJ8BluKgYYsXGw	5	1	Let me start by saying that I love tacos. I eat lots of tacos. When I get hungry one of the first things to cross my mind is tacos. That said, I love El Nopalito for their tacos. I'm pretty picky about my tacos. I don't really like dumb-ass flour tortillas, dry tacos, unseasoned meat in a taco, taco bell is not tacos, the list goes on. I prefer authentic Mexican street tacos.That being said, El Nopalito is the one place in town I feel like I am getting the most authentic street taco that I have been able to find in Phoenix. The only reason I am not here more often is the commute is a bit much as I live in the East Valley.  However, if I am anywhere near the area it is almost mandatory to stop and have at least a taco or two. I recommend trying all of the tacos though my favourite has to be the cabeza (it sounds creepy but is buttery and delicious).It does help if you speak Spanish as it will make ordering and asking any questions you may have easier.
PtGXlsu91_otLUudUmM7kg	TqHTtjPANCBKGsjGBjDoQQ	3	2	I tried a few different kinds of pizza and they were all okay.  A few people had told me that they made "incredible" pizzas, but I didn't really think so...I'd say they were pretty good pizzas.  What I liked were the fresh tasting vegetables which topped some of the pizzas.  The cheese was a bit disappointing, especially since I don't think you can really go wrong with cheese...it just lacked flavor.All in all, I probably wouldn't go back...it just really wasn't all that impressive.
nz7rsUgMK6X497NlsNUugg	YRWuNpZHoSpy0zPpc7TzqQ	4	1	Daaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaang, their AC feels good here.
yeJSQXhPe7OK5JjZ8V_QtQ	b5cEoKR8iQliq-yT2_O0LQ	3	1	Visited recently for the first time.  Enjoyed happy hour appetizers on the patio.  Cool place for outdoor dining, the waterfall added a nice background.  They offer smoking and non-smoking on separate sides of the patio.  Of course you know that if anyone is smoking, the entire area gets to "enjoy" the smoke.  Being a non-smoker, I would appreciate an true non-smoking area but being outdoors was too compelling to pass on this beautiful day.  Another small observation - the tables were too low for the chairs causing you to lean over to eat and the chairs were not comfortable at all.  We ordered chicken quesadilla & crab cake appetizer.  The quesadilla was made w/ green chiles and cheese, served w/ green & red salsa.  Didn't care for the red salsa but the green was pretty good, rather mild.  A side of sour cream was all that was missing here.  Crab cakes were ok, nothing special.  Served w/ a nice side salad it made a very good small meal.  A side of some kind of orange sauce (chipotle?) for the crab cakes that seemed really HOT to me - skip this next time please.Just based on the outdoor atmosphere alone, I would definitely come back again.
VZA-Ghv3smBenqURzNiCyw	jGldmslgIegQNM5kvb851Q	4	2	This was a great place to go with the parents for Thanksgiving.  Dinner was served family style and it was a ton of food!  Started with a plate of 3 different bruschetta appetizers that were excellent.  Then had a choice of 2 salads, 2 meats - we had turkey that was served with a focaccia dressing and the tilapia served with a side of some of the best creamed spinach I ever had - then 2 side dishes in addition - mashed sweet potatoes and mashed garlic potatoes that were just okay - 2 pasta dishes - we had the signature Rigatoni D and the angel hair with pomodoro sauce/sausage - and 2 desserts!It is a little pricey, but for the amount of food they serve and all the leftovers, I think it's worth it.  The best way to go here is with a group and do the family style menu.I've been to other Maggiano's in Chicago and to me, they're all pretty much the same - good and plentiful food and fast friendly service.
Vv0FeEOn7AMmw7iKutmnAw	53YGfwmbW73JhFiemNeyzQ	3	0	Sometimes I really wish I could live in Scottsdale. I met up with two girlfriends there and we had a great time! This visit was a solid 3-4. We went in to take advantage of their happy hour (if you don't the prices seem wayyyy to steep for me). Anyway, if you take advantage of their happy hour you must sit either in the outside patio or the lounge. Now the outdoor patio was beautiful! Prettiest outdoor seating I have seen ever. But not when it is 104 out. (and there are no misters). Why did we sit outside do you ask? Because the bar area (which is tiny) filled up super fast (duh. its yummy!) The indoor ambiance is beautiful. (a little dark) The most awesome lights ever are in there. The service was good and the location is nice (right next to the free parking too!)I tried the featured white wine, and whatever it was (sorry I forgot) was good! My friend tried the sangria, but I was not a fan. Weird flavor compared to most sangrias that I can't describe. Now onto the food. People who raved about the flatbread pizzas...I have no idea what you are talking about.  I had the margharita and it was just not good. Soggy and flavorless. The hummus was very yummy. Needed more pita with it. Now onto the star of the show: the bruschetta. The vine ripe tomato is yummy. The apple caponata is just as yummier, and the prosciutto and fig was also excellent! Ohhhh so yummy! This is the place to get bruscetta and wine after a long day.
Y3uVyBwuoydPOBuT72gYaw	AsSCv0q_BWqIe3mX2JqsOQ	5	1	This place is heavenly!!! I have dreams about it on a regular basis. The cookies are so fresh and you can choose two different kinds and two different ice cream flavors. TASTY!
BkZOHEAVnwTTdbBhcl3VUw	Uty42E_VZV_iGMYiY_WB5w	2	2	Stopped by one night late, only one guy working, probably the manager/owner based on him being on the phone and looking like he wanted to gtfo dodge attitude and not wearing anything quiznos related like most workers do... Food... subpar... it's a chain... it's hard to fuck up... but he did. There was no care in the making of the sub... I pretty much watched him throw it together, run it through the toaster tossed some lettuce on and wrap it up...I had chips in my hand... wanted a meal... he didn't ask and just rang it up w/o the drink... I asked what size cup to grab and he said "oh you wanted a drink?"  Of course I wanted a fucking drink... I just stared at him like wtf man?  Told him to keep his drink cause he'd have to re run my card...  srsly it's a chain that gives you all the stuff and training to make a sandwich like the other 1000's of quiznos around the country... and you can't do it. If you hate customer service don't buy a franchise sandwich shop.Two stars... lucky it isn't one. I'm out
huPT-KNdfDmrSFNW1yYQhA	-3WVw1TNQbPBzaKCaQQ1AQ	4	0	On a Friday night restaurant was busy, but the service was top drawer. Food was very good and we will be back. Prices reasonable.
2JZqlmRzuAWuSZ6IwUHudQ	JRzrqJmsQ5AZ4bMQLUfyHg	5	3	Alright we are going to say that this place is Awesome!  The service is outstanding and the food wonderful!    We came here for Breakfast on Sunday Morning .             They were very busy ,but, we did not have to wait too long at all.                                    Our server Colleen was great!   She greeted us right away and  brought our drinks very quickly.   The food was very good and just love their Potatoes.  The menu is fantastic! Lots to choose from. We like the decor and lots of parking in the lot. Nice Place and we will be back!
MDtjJub6L_2dgkSxF1lipA	6oRAC4uyJCsJl1X0WZpVSA	5	1	This place is a gem. The food is amazing. It's cheap. The service is good. My favorite part? The place never changes. I can walk through the door and Ali already knows my order. The Chicken Shawarma special comes with their hand-made pita - so soft and delicious. The chicken is seasoned perfectly and comes with a yummy little dollop of garlic sauce. I've never found better hummus in my life. I've had it all around town, in New York, in L.A. (ick...L.A. *shudder*). SO good! The iced tea has a hint of rose water. OH and the gyro? Hands down, the best in town.Did I mention they have a market attached? Talk about the best price on spices in town! The spices come in little plastic sealed pillows, so get some spice jars from Ikea and stock up!I couldn't get through this without mentioning the lamb tongue. I am no connoisseur of organ meats, but this sandwich is like the most tender lamb you've ever had in your life. Shut up and try it.The only sad part about Haji's is that they close early. Usually 8pm on a week-night, but totally worth getting to-go orders if you can swing in on your way home from work!
Cl4HwB-TN7N3rp-bTPv58A	fDZzCjlxaA4OOmnFO-i0vw	4	1	I went during the week with my two young children. We met a friend who also has a young child. Nice use of space. We didn't watch television, but it does have a few flat panel TVs that would be nice during football season on a weekend.  The space was child friendly - nice menu although they didn't offer crayons to kids, which they said they were in the process of incorporating.  Menu was huge and offered lots of traditional breakfast combinations. I had the waffle with eggs and sausage. I ordered the pigs in a blanket for my children. It is prepared with sausage that was fantastic. The perfect amount of spice and wrapped in pancakes that were also really good. My waffle was wonderful.  Really light and fluffy but with the perfect amount of crunch on the outside.  My friend ordered the French Toast, which was coated in captain crunch cereal (this sounds odd, but it was incredibly good and the bacon served with it balanced out the sweetness) and served with her choice of bacon. She ordered the applewood smoked bacon. It was excellent. They have five different types of bacon, including one infused with jalapeno, which I will try next time. The service was a bit slow, but understandable given it was the first week of opening.  The staff was very friendly and attentive. I will definitely be back and would recommend to anyone for a nice neighborhood breakfast spot!
iaJ-DFL3je6oxcutTxjzkw	cgNIBHS2mLdbTRiodAT6EQ	4	2	The food is fresh here. The quality and taste is consistent. The service is nice and polite even though a couple of the servers don't speak much English. The building is a trip -  the outside looks like a doublewide trailer on a foundation, but the inside has a homey Northeastern Mexico look. On the other hand, even though the guacamole was fresh, it's a little bright and lacks strong taste, and the red hot sauce is too watery(it's still got that kick). Overall, if you're not itchin over substandard guacamole and marginally inflated prices for the location then it's a great place to chow. I give it four stars because the food is good, fresh, fast and the service is friendly and quick.
JDZNoAax4s1DAAbOK1JLJg	vvA3fbps4F9nGlAEYKk_sA	4	3	Avanti! Come in!This place is cool, I did get a mild mobster vibe, but that's alright with me.  And I think the food is fantastico. Really, really good homemade pastas and an extensive wine list filled with great choices. If you're uncertain which wine would go best with your meal, don't hesitate to ask because the servers are pretty friendly and knowledgeable. Try the crab and shrimp cakes for an appetizer and the tortellini portifino for dinner- both are delish.If you're a dessert lover, get either the cream brulee or the tiramisu.
N8iWLV7rcfbfD_ahNzrkeQ	Xk3inJcuBGLhavUcdlINZA	3	0	We arrived on time however our table was not ready. Offered a place in the bar but was told we cannot order for 30 minutes?!Somewhat bizarre thing to be told. Had a total of eight dishes, some were fantastic, others mediocre. Despite  the fact that they are the hot new thing, a customer should never be told that they can't order for 30 minutes. That exudes arrogance. Cocktails pretty good. Might give them another chance.
PikrkILIWSQiT5Oyi3MZ1w	YKOvlBNkF4KpUP9q7x862w	3	3	A  bit surprised at the high prices but figured that the "trendy factor in old town" and the atmosphere was the reason because the teeny portions of the food and the quality is just GOOD, like the Good egg, not great, not bad, just good. No happy hour?And Too dark inside. Lots of pretty wait staff. My first suggestion would be to fire grill the mahi tacos and not batter them, they were not that flavorful. The side dishes of street corn and some potato chorizo thing were very good. I wanted to try the guac, but 12 bucks for an avacado with some garlic and cilantro? How about trying to make a good ceviche?My hubby and i thought that Rubios rocks in comparison, we love the shrimp tacos and the pablano and portobello tacos.
-sNSP8_vSbyjDxeWu9oO6w	ssSeK9MYRCUjoabppekwoA	2	0	My wife and I were downtown with some friends, and decided to check this place out. I ordered a pasta lunch, and chose Penne Alla Campagna and another penne with tomatoes and Mozzarella. Meh, it was just okay. The food was just okay, kind of bland and a bit overpriced. I did snag a small slice of pepperoni pizza from one of the kids at our table that was actually the best part of my meal. Would I go back, nope no sir
ygTUOgZn4aXyDMToOq6c6Q	b3mfNkad2uxdlKLrS3hDCg	5	1	One of my favorite places to go with the kids for lunch.  Bring a small amount of $ - grab yourself a table under the trees and enjoy the afternoon away while your kids play within eyesight.  The entire "patio" is really a large, fenced grassy, tree filled area with 2 volleyball courts, multiple gathering areas, ping pong, horse shoes, jumbo checkers and even another fenced in area full of sand and toys for the kids.
-cDLdPqZyJwslg500NjwOA	-sC66z4SO3tR7nFCjfQwuQ	5	1	Love this place. Great Happy Hour.
K-wADqFPVlhBRz0P16AuCg	wNsmt1hF1uv3YvbwXZMAoQ	2	1	The noise makes it almost impossible to talk. The staff looks like the customers or the customers are better dressed. Staff is wrinkled, sunglasses on the back of their head, it's hard to know who you supposed to ask for help. Once you know, they are responsive, friendly and willing to please.The food is fair, dressings, sauced are too watered down. The food is minimal in terms of amounts for the money. It is a favorite among the neighborhood but these are now the adults whom hung out at the old Monastery behind Whitney & Murphy funeral home. I am beginning to think my fellow Az peeps have no idea what good casual food is about. The service in AZ is terrible, all of customer service in businesses here is terrible, restaurants and retail.watch out for the Valets, they drive customers cars too fast around the parking lot, here and Arcadia Tavern!I am entitle to my opinion since I have worked my way through school as a waitress/bartender , valet service manager and service consultant.Deb
E8uqj0y_ShvN7cp9qvXeHg	hqVbmZNLTdR2y7G7oJu9vg	4	0	Surprised by unexpected North Phoenix location.  Attentive but not bothersome service. Antipasto platter shared among 3 people plenty for all.  The Chianti was splendid! The entre arrived piping hot, very impressive.  The food was delicious.  Lovely intimate dining. Reccommend. Only down side was it became so dim, had a hard time reading menu.  A bit more uplighting, please.
MLtzUWelRFIBJ3cV5JUeKA	V1nEpIRmEa1768oj_tuxeQ	3	1	Ok here goes.  I'll start with the bad and finish positive.  As far as Pizza goes, which is what we went for, I was not that impressed.  I must say I'm more of a NY style, by the slice pizza kind of guy.  So the pizza did not hit the spot.  Maybe a little too fancy for my palette. (You can take a boy out of the ghetto, but you can't take the ghetto out of the boy, so for me simple food is always better.)  Obviously, there are enough people who like gourmet pizza as this place has amazing reviews, so I'm just one simple man.The obnoxious fat chick sitting right behind me proclaimed to her friend, "I'm no longer investing time in men who aren't available!"  Put down the pizza and grab a dry salad and shut up!!  That's not really the restaurants fault though but I did have to endure that convo through the duration of my meal.Our server was very nice however seemed very rushed and at times we had to wait for refills on water and for the check.  The atmosphere is very romantic outside with light trees and live music.  They even turned on one of the heaters on the patio for the lil lady.  We has the Crepe with Nutella chocolate powdered sugar and ice cream and it was very very good.  Bottom line.  I'd be willing to come here again and try something other than pizza.
NbP-kkjLbqHnlRzSPNQ-aw	vtQOervVVTXjhvSZQiZ6PA	4	5	I've never actually eaten in the restaurant - Swaddee is one of those places I used to pick up and take home when I lived in Chandler. So, first their take-out process: they've never botched an order, food has been ready within the time frame given each and every time, and I'm almost always in and out in a flash. The food: I've sampled various veggie and seafood options, and they've all been equally delicious. Since I've never been inside for more than a few minutes, I can't really vouch for the atmosphere or the service, but I stand by the food. A little pricier, perhaps, than the Thai Basil down the street, but totally worth it.
FqfWt22uSDgca4dRK4PIgw	7SO_rX1F6rQEl-5s3wZxgQ	5	0	The best gluten free pizza!! Absolutely loved the avacado pizza. So delicious. The wait staff was great, very friendly and invited us to a wine tasting while we waited.  Parking is limited, but certainly not an issue to complain about.
MPm_rk8IdBeOenP-kOvu3A	qjmCVYkwP-HDa35jwYucbQ	4	0	Food is good.  Service is pretty good.Its a restaurant that definitely reminds you of LA, as it is very loud in there.Definitely will go back.
vM7LSLjxyH1RQ2xwYrXHIg	JokKtdXU7zXHcr20Lrk29A	5	2	I love breweries and I love Four Peaks. One of e best breweries in Az. We came here on a Friday night but had no trouble getting a table. This place is huge and packed but still room to move around. We ordered the Hopshot IPA which is a great beer!  I've been here a few time and always had a good experience. I can't wait till the pumpkin porter coming Oct 1st!!!
bVm6S0tZ-XJ_WcsbNbWNSw	MEOC6ng0jPhQOX_BzEzf_w	1	0	Cold, under done chips. If a Mexican food restaurant can not get this staple right how can I expect them to get much more right.  I arrived for a party that my autocross group was having. Every table had chips and salsa on it. Sombreros were used as the server platters. Senor I don't think this even meets health code. Dinner was served Buffet Style, one of the dishes was called "fandito." I can't think of a less inspired dish. It was simple pasta with some Mexican flavors thrown it, a dish that your mother would make if she had leftovers from Mexican Italian nights. I like really like Mexican food, however I left this place hungry as I did not even want to try any of the dishes other than the salad.
riaWMmMx6n1IFAjfcgIzoA	L8STRioAgDx-_FRFuuUU2Q	3	1	Better than rubio's or filaberto's by a long shot open late and has a drive through. When i walked in it was packed and i noticed how cheap the beer and Margarita's were. Wait... I don't remember having ever seen a hole-in-the wall Mexican spot serving booze before (wonder if they sell it via drive through). The menu is like a Jewish Torah being that it has a 100,000 words and is very hard to read. The tacos and burritos also come w/ a side of toquitos that is buried under chiuaua cheese and guacamole. Shrimp and fish taco's are made on tortilla's are made in house. Food is super cheap and tasty. Its too bad that all their locations are in the middle of nowhere.
yQq5eGvBj90w4O8NwvbCRg	WwFsYHahQIMzuilmOAfR8g	4	0	Accidently discovered this place because of the Chinese New Year/Vietnamese Tet Festival of this year.. very nice surprise that the buns here are bigger and have more filling than the buns at Lee Lee's Market. I know, I know, there are probably many more places in AZ that sells these, but I honestly don't know of any other places that sell these other than Mekong Plaza (here) and Lee Lee's in Chandler. It's around $1.30-1.40 a bun and they seem very fresh because the times that I've came by, someone is preparing and cooking them in large ovens in the back. Very nice that it is located by the Asian market and shops. They have a frequent buyer card you can pick up in the front (for every $100 you spend, you get $10 off your next bakery purchase). This is gonna be in use for me since I can see myself coming back countless times!!P.S. Please change your outdoor business sign to "AA Wholesome Bakery". Since it says "Mekong Bakery" on the outside, it confuses people.
4-RIg_uFHneQch6Pvv45TA	FV0BkoGOd3Yu_eJnXY15ZA	4	1	It was a unique dining experience. The staff were incredibly nice. They are the MOST professional staff in the entire Valley!!! They remembered our family on our subsequent returns.This is a fun place for foodies and out of town guests with adventuresome palettes. Depending on your family this can be a fun place for family outings. They were very accommodating and made a dish my 5 year old enjoyed!
XnRtNrKAisgJQIxb9dQT7g	VpSiOW1PapVmZyyRBK_GBQ	4	3	I was surprised here for my birthday and it is a very romantic, old-school, traditional great service kind of place. The low lighting and small dining rooms make for a great ambiance. The dual menus, one french-ish and one southwestern-ish are sort of on odd pair, but it is Scottsdale. The appetizer, shrimp "beinets" were simply breaded, fried and very greasy while the lavender dipping sauce and salad that came along with were much more appealing. Both our entrees were wonderful and perfectly cooked - so well in fact, the sides were essentially meaningless, even though I remember them as fairly good also. So if you find yourself here, keep the Ahi Tuna and the Wild Boar in mind.  The wine menu is extensive and filled with surprises. The wait staff were classic in service, yet easily engaged in conversation and very friendly. They only acted snobby for the people who expected it, we on the other hand provided the Diamondbacks/Rockies scores and had a great time! We ended the night with great Grand Marnier birthday souffles. Great place, people and food - we would go back.
YCsB_ur8R6fQK9G5cH_0wQ	bZivzFTkkjNtUBSuMhoCtg	2	0	"trendy, loud-music, ok-sushi!" - 2/5When we lived right across the street from the Sushi Brokers, J and I used to go there at least once a month for its happy hour. We probably had been there at least 8 times with friends and family. I have to say that the quality was good for the start but went downhill since then. The price was right if you go during the happy hour. Other time, kinda expensive with the quality and service. It was a seen-to-be-seen place with ok-quality sushi.
xgTAQuozPxLAS7-8s5KpLg	YxLiLBNTm4cOg7OlKKLmVw	2	0	just wanted to chime in & say that this place is so vegetarian-UN-friendly it's not even funny. I was dragged here with family & ended up ordering a chile relleno, which was just about the only meatless item on the menu, short of a fucking cheese crisp.it wasn't terrible, but this place is really just all kinds of lame. service was mediocre, food was mediocre. with as many awesome & authentic mexican restaurants as there are in the valley, there's no reason on earth to come back, except MAYBE to try a mango margarita.
wd_d9GcxZ3D6dJwNYLH_yg	1OA1jo0GlK9sf68f00w8ZQ	4	1	My husband's former employer said when we get to Phoenix we must go to In-N-Out. He said the last time he had one there was a line out the door. Not much of a beef burger person, we stumbled upon this burger joint as we left Ikea and decided to try it. The emergency granola bar I keep in my purse wasn't working.There was no line out the door, who wants to wait in line anyway. We both ordered a cheeseburger (no tomato, no special sauce, no ketchup for me). It arrived in a card board container which was kinda cute and everything was hot and fresh. My burger has a thick slice of onion and several crispy lettuce leaves. The burger itself was just okay, but the freshness of the toppings won me over. My husband's had a big slice of tomato. Did In-N-Out live up to the hype from his former employer? Not exactly, but it came pretty close.
3gBIEXa78N4tpzGj3NFNzw	sCv1wUWJhFmQEMw3A4lwXQ	3	0	Not bad, I usually leave pretty happy and full.
Uu9F8_mkuxCq6YVCwLCsaQ	QAUDLYNxhHGdUn5YP7au_w	4	1	= = = = = =  CLOSED  = = = = = =China Star here has now closed.     :-(
IoZjPWk2Xx6HiEXZD9TAug	vlEsxOtkCrStCb52gJhG5w	5	1	Best prices and a huge selection. I love their single bottles of beer isle where you can mix and match your own 6-pack of beer. Some of my favorite beers I can only find here.
ihS3vJGm-437Nd4xHJMyiw	RYZ08XAToBaN-bS5HHVEhQ	4	4	Met a group of people...great craft beer selection.. ordered Old World Salad w/House Dressing, excellent.. enough to feed 2-4 people..then the Murphy pizza.. applewood smoked bacon and onions w/the thin crust, wood fired. This is an awesome pizza. The rest of the group got various  pizzas and loved everything! Our waitress was great, and took good care of us..
jouRCLiFuAHJQ_DQMaHx8Q	7LuKiasIyGUEo7uipN10Eg	4	3	First thing - I felt compelled to write a review because the Android and Ipad app both state that Mokis is closed. If you are doing a mobile Yelp for this place, it is most defiantly open.Second, I decided to give them a try for an early Friday dinner, about 5 in the evening. There were a few people dining in the restaurant, and quite a few people on staff for the evening. The dining room is pretty well decorated, more so than I thought it would be, giving a faux Hawaiian feel to it. Seeing some people there at that time gave me hope for a good meal.I asked the lady manning the counter what was good, and she took a bit of time to walk me through the menu. Emphasizing the plate lunches, I decided to try the Combo that would get me the most variety. I elected for terriyaki beef and kalua pork. I took the side of the 'potato mac' and got my meal to go.Arriving home, my meal sat for about 5 minutes before I had it unboxed and ready to enjoy. Considering that fact, everything was in pretty good condition. The potato mac was a bit more room temperature than cold, but that was my own doing. The rice stayed warm, the pork moist and really flavorful, and the beef sweet and tender.Having dined at a few places offering plate lunches in the past, the potato mac was probably what sold me as much as the meats on why I'll return. Potato mac's tend to have a pretty flat flavor, and when I find out how Hawaiian's garnish them, I will be excited to get some more flavor in them. But it was just the right amount of dry ... I've had many potato mac's that are just too wet, but this felt about perfect.I'll give the fish dishes a try in the future and report on those. But I really enjoyed what I experienced and well give it a second (and probably more) pass.
jMVxc5mZXK3MXfVUfUkIHA	dzncF6n6MHJLXUo4_J6eig	5	0	All around great food.  True Texas brisket experience.  Meat has great flavor and tasty sides add variety to the offerings.  Don't forget about the sheet cake for dessert!!  I'll be back.  ***Read another review on here talking about wings.  They don't have wings here!!  Get your reviews right people.
8aftQwExSE9ZP8csK0pehw	ChmqODwuYP1ewjmWXtxtsg	3	1	The Nee House.......well I just wish they would get the concept of customer service! I tend to feel second rate when we go in for dinner. I really like the food but after 5 attempts at dining in with crappy service we have decided it is best for take out only. The food is pretty good and they are super quick when it come to take out. I am happy to say that when I picked up our order yesterday the girl at the front actually smiled and chatted with me while processing our order!
ty9eckTsSzGdjnyGFk4vPA	Tsff0UUVgrnawjI_xd2cKg	4	1	I had a serious craving for Roti.  So glad I found this place.  A very small menu selection but it had exactly what I wanted.  The serving for $8.20 after tax is enough for 2 meals.  I know where to go from now on for a great meal with leftovers.  This is a noteworthy place to bring my Uncle T.J. who's a Trini when he comes to visit.
zdslxeH4T2MhkDtE79RRnw	xI0UZH734lJtm39DbLf-Bw	1	3	This was my second visit to Arriba's and believe me, it wasn't my choice. I spent the first 26 years of my life in Southern New Mexico and I miss the food like CRAZY, especially green chile. When you walk into Arriba's it's New Mexico this and New Mexico that and the dishes are named after cities and landmarks in the state.When we told the waitress that in New Mexico green chile sauce doesn't have pork in it she said, "Well, we say that but it's not *really* New Mexican" and walked off. What?!?!The first time there we mentioned this to a Manager and got the same exact reaction. I also asked if I could get a side of plain green chile and was told no. Both times we were being super nice and just trying to start a friendly conversation, had these interactions been better this review wouldn't be here.I'm far from being a vegetarian, I don't eat pork or beef because I don't like it. Also, I didn't ask about the red chile sauce because I'm not a fan, maybe it's porkless and amazing but I can't speak for that...I ordered the Santa Fe Chicken salad.  Iceberg lettuce, slimy greens, cooked onions and bell peppers, mushy tomatoes, half melted greasy cheese clumps and very dry chicken piled on a shell... yuck. If it wasn't for the delicious fresh chips, guacamole and two 99cent happy hour margaritas I would've been VERY unhappy.  I definitely won't ever be back and this time I mean it.
ZC4dA0KenvqDN3Ih--nwNw	ntN85eu27C04nwyPa8IHtw	3	2	We went on a Sunday afternoon, the wait was 45 mins for 4 people. We waited because everyone keeps talking about it. Man, was I starving to death when we were seated. I had the ham and cheese omelet and everyone shared an order of waffle with everyone else. The omelet was good. The waffles were light and fluffy. Good but not to die for. I personally think it was over hyped. It is good breakfast food, not GREAT.
Mzn47QcxO88k60qgXiO0Kg	xdwPHc25l7_roZ9Kfea13w	1	0	Sadly disappointed.  I've passed Lola's an uncountable number of times and each time thought I needed to try it.  I finally did tonight and was terribly disappointed.  For anyone that has been to Firefly in Las Vegas there is just no comparison.  The sangria was decent but nothing special and the tapas were just "so so."  The atmosphere was busy and our service sucked, but it was a very unique and cool environment.
CMe1I7gom1KiG3TuJi4pxw	KS2w8ychyieJbUqRa6kCHw	4	2	I LOVE this place. The marijuana theme isn't kid-friendly though, so DONT bring your kids. Just bring it home to them.Their subs are really tasty, the theme (for adults) is hilarious, the people are friendly, and are reasonably priced.Also, the potato salad is fantastic!
qFPgS7gCTA2zM6vk937M8Q	Mng1FUcW-xRSdsDkowQm2Q	5	2	I used to shop her constantly when I live right across the street and I still make the drive up there, even though the prices are higher than Safeway. Why?-The staff rocks. Need a certain type of wine? They know where to find it. Need a spice? That's covered too. Every employee is courteous, and most importantly, SPEAKS FLUENT ENGLISH.-Their deli rocks my socks. Always fresh and always tasty, I've purchased more than a few dinners and have never been disappointed.-The ready to cook stuff is delicious too. In the mood for some kind of meat stuffed with a vegetable and/or cheese? This is the place.-I also loved the fresh food cooked every day right in the store. From BBQ to MASSIVE Sunday omelets, the choices are a plenty. Again, not cheap, but you certainly get your money's worth. Go early if you want the breakfast, they run out quick.And you can buy good beer by the bottle! Dogfish Head rocks.
rudZ-SWNx8x9bRIgWxeihw	b1d8nKDgizi3K8Jw6llksw	5	2	Since moving to Arizona I have selected Fry's as my new grocer and am very happy with my choice! I immediately signed up for their VIP card and love seeing the many savings listed on the receipt after every trip.I am especially happy that I have moved closer to this Frys as it is open 24 hours and even when shopping in the wee hours of the morning can expect to see some nocturnal ASU students.Any interactions I have had with the staff have been pleasant and enjoyable.
8TBgbLGmeS0OLkmohx4pIA	HEI4WFai9zoixD5GhCnbeg	3	1	Read all the reviews on Yelp and thought I give Chang's Chinese Buffet a try. With a 4 star rating, I was expecting 4 star quality food. Well, some of it was good, but some of it could be better. First of all the atmosphere was pretty nice. It almost felt like Cheers, where everyone knew your name. Even though we didn't know anyone there, everyone talked to one another. The T.V. in the corner drew most everyone's attention. You could tell who the regulars were. They were up front and closest to the T.V. Most of the food was fresh. The Shrimp was very fresh and tasty. The rice was also seasoned probably and tasted almost as good as back East Chinese food, it just wasn't brown. Orange chicken was good, but a little hard. Not as moist and juicing like I wanted. The chicken was dry. It was flavors well, but was dry inside. Seems like it was under the heating lamp too long. The sweet & sour soup was good, but I've tasted much better. The egg drop soup wasn't too good though. Spare ribs weren't bad. Also a little dry, but not as bad as the chicken. The Egg-foo-yung was not good. Hockey puck shaped or not, it was too watery and didn't taste like real Egg-foo-yung. Everything else was pretty average. For the price, it wasn't bad. I would go back and eat there just so I could have the rice and shrimp. So pretty much 2 stars for the food and 1 for the atmosphere, service and cleanliness. Place was very clean and service was decent. Not a 4 star restaurant. Barely a 3 star. I think my wife gave it 2 stars. If you go there and find certain foods you like, it's probably worth the $5-$6 to go back and eat as much as you want of those particular foods. Skip the bad stuff and eat all of the good tasting foods. Other buffets will run you $10-$15, so this place could be a gem if the food gets better.
lr7ue4c2BjJIi3yXdAZTKA	5jazn-RZP2R6ZkCIPZsf0w	5	0	Wow this place is fabulous.  Everything is so fresh and tasty that you can enjoy a healthy and yummy meal without breaking the bank.  The salad bar is huge and they have a fresh soup bar where you can choose numerous varieties of homemade soups.  Great tasting desserts and frozen yogurt machine.  Best Strawberry Lemonade I have ever tasted.  You have to try this place you will not be disappointed.  They need to open locations in the Midwest.Also, I want to give a shout out to the server at the restaurant.  His name is Oscar and he is so wonderful and funny.  He made us all laugh and smile and Oscar is such a hard worker and everyone that visits this location has to say hello to Oscar because he is the nicest man ever!
PR5PA-5yAQF1w8v0dy3ZNA	2bdKR3l4o-S1CscLqqnvVw	4	1	One of those places that can not possibly serve bad food...! Lunch, specifically, is very nice, quick and affordable... All their curries as well as entrees are equally good and you can ogfcourse adjust the level of spice as in all Thai places... ( that's something I don't like but serves good for those who don't eat spicy food)... Thai coffee is one of my favourites too...
vpovx0zYelOrU-4O9IYL1A	zXg2O_QnpHQVD7e1azAu_w	4	3	I enjoy some burros because it's a good cross between fast food and sit down Mexican food.  The taste is always fresh, and good - the service is fast and friendly, even with a packed house.  It satisfies my Mexican fix and does not leave me regretting life afterwords .... (like Filbertos does)  I have only had this location, but have gone back numerous times and will continue to hit this place up and work my way through the menu ... I had the beef taco and been enchilada today ... see pictures ... you will want.
52JX_qMCJBGnY-6ZzEBIQA	rr13jM6SUmfPPPGHHMHCgQ	4	0	Good time. We sat at the sushi bar and were entertained. We brought my 9 year old very picky daughter and she had fun. She has some edamame and a plate of plain noodles. Sticking me for 5 bucks for a small pile of plain noodles I felt was outrageous. Sushi was good and rolls were fantastic. Asked the sushi chef to make his favorite and it was a spicy tuna roll with a sweet sauce that was awesome. We'll come back, but I'll give me daughter a hot dog before we go.
gYlJTm2iavYfY66JaCxKqA	9r5YLKGTdQz_Q29cBifePQ	3	0	I enjoy "the BOP" as my friend calls it on the same level that I enjoy pizza.  It's good, but it's not my desert island bar.  I go here to meet up with friends.  I've never been there on my own because let's face it.  I'm not likely to be caught dead trolling Scottsdale (even non-Scottsdale Scottsdale) by my lonesome.  The atmosphere is cozy and inviting.  Which kinda turns me off. I like my bars a bit seedier.  But if that's your thing then I'm cool with it.  I hear the food is pretty good for English fare, but hey who wants to waste time eating when you could be drinking?
5JNwatofp-E_-o5kNJXzYQ	7QSYBp2-AOdyUJXEaLnbgA	5	1	probably my favorite restaurant :)
UgOy-JZPau5s83QkoyO3sA	7QSYBp2-AOdyUJXEaLnbgA	4	0	what a great place. there were 4 of us and we all have something different. the ribs just melted off the bones. my wife had the filet and it just melted in your mouth. she had the special mashed potatoes, don't remember what they were called but she really enjoyed them.another party had salmon and it looked great. the son from OR had the meat loaf and it really left a lot to be desired. sort of dry and not much taste. The B 4 drinks were good  and near the hi end of pricing,but hey its Scottsdale. This was our first visit and it will not be our last. Just a long drive from Surprise. don't forget the corn bread and request butter. A great meal would be a large salad and the corn bread.
AyZ8VIpoJYFgouBwnHR9ww	ItMihRR-t810HgctGofF3g	5	0	This place had me from the moment our waitress asked us if it was o.k. if our water was infused with the flavor of cucumber.  Heck yeah it was o.k. in fact I don't even want to order a drink, I just want the free cucumber water!  My buddy and I decided to start with an app. order of sweet potato waffle fries with dipping sauce.  Delightful!  I ordered the sweet potato and garbonzo burger and the sweet potato and avocado salad side dish.  Notice the sweet potato theme??  I love those crazy orange taters!  The food was really tasty and quite flavorful.  The burger was a little different than I expected because it didn't come on a bun..but no biggie.  In typical girl fashion, my buddy and I split a cupcake...finger lickin' good!  I am picky-picky but this place won me over big time!  Also, I felt that, for the location, their prices were very reasonable.  The prices for those condos located upstairs..well that's gotta be a different story!
HHpWveXhw4rbntA9HN7XwQ	HQ8N_EwJA3NdF1UApsF-fA	4	0	Our team ordered a pizza while we were in a business meeting and the guys were great in delivering it on time. As a bonus the pizza was great. I'm usually a stickler when it comes to crust, and this stuff was great. The only thing I didn't like was that the margarita had tomatoes on it and not tomato sauce. Just a personal preference. Also wish they added the basil leaves at the end to keep it from fully cooking/charing.We'll be ordering from here again.
xKAsktcvPTRe14pEeNwptA	-9pVS__IliMA2aNEYzrQrg	3	0	I discovered this place on my way to a comedy show! It was a Saturday night with an ASU game on and was not packed so we stopped in to get a drink and a bite to eat. First impression was nice! Everything looked clean and open, which i didn't expect from the outside appearance. The service was kinda slow. I have worked in the restaurant/bar industry for 10+ years and I understand how things can go wrong that the customers don't see so i am not going to be hard on these guys. (By the way, the girls are all dressed pretty skimpy and the guys are just short of guidos, so if you have small kids this may not be the place to bring em) So the drink service was slow and throughout we never were really sure who our server was. One girl took our drink order, another brought them, someone else took our food order, someone else brought our food, and someone else came over to see if all was ok... There had to be 15 employees and maybe 25 customers, not to mention the kitchen staff. So the service was slow and not sure why because we were constantly seeing the staff goofing around with one another and as mentioned before it was not busy. BUT the associates were very nice the entire time so it was not bad service my any means, just slow and a little unattentive. It seemed to turn into a club style late at night, which could explain the extensive staff. There is a wheel that you can spin with different actions on it, such as, "kiss a random' '50% off bill" "go plastic" (which apparently gives you a chance to win plastic surgery). I would suggest NOT attempting this if you are not single. Overall, the food was GREAT!!!! The place was clean (bathrooms could use attention). The service could use some tweeking. But we were happy with it!
qfHkekpzM6EVI1mA_yZ1ug	vSEFzop2GDXsIWTLxIGMiw	4	1	I was hella skeptical that a Phoenix fast food Mexican joint could top a Mission taqueria.  Rivas pleasantly surprised me.  I chose the two burritos with chicken meal that came with rice and beans.  Standard, but fulfilling rice and refried beans.  The burrito was a breath of fresh grilled veggies.  A warm tortilla filled with chicken, peppers and onions.  So simple and yet so mouth watering.  Best part was that the burrito was so big that I got to save the second one for my flight back to SF.  Oh, and this whole package was under $7.
46eplIuUE5l1GYi9dLZ-eQ	TehSM5JrMRikSnjnnfulbw	4	1	I enjoyed a pleasant lunch here with my carefree grandparents-in-law who recommended Tonto as a delicious place. When we first entered the I thought it might be full of retirees and rich Arizonians but I was pleasantly surprised to find a crowd of all sorts enjoying lunch on the outdoor patio overlooking a pretty view of the golf course and elegant Saguaros. Elegantly Casual American describes Tonto. Indeed it's pricey, but the food is fresh, creatively presented and delicious. (Extra pluses for using locally-sourced ingredients) I enjoyed the Mexican white shrimp tacos. The petite shrimp comes drenched in a sassy ancho chili green pepper sauce, complemented by a cool and zesty cabbage-carrot-cilanto slaw, avocado cream sauce and chewy homemade white corn tortillas. The fun is getting to assemble your own tacos. I ate nearly every bite and was stuffed for most of the day. My companions enjoyed the Reuben sandwich (layered corned beef on crispy rye, served with skinny fries that don't need ketchup) and the Halibut served on potato cake with spinach and carrot salad. Grandma-in-law said the halibut was tender and flavorful. I can imagine a bunch of friends or foodies mingling and laughing, sipping wine in relaxed delight as you drink in the beautiful view. Worth a visit, whether you're a local foodie or traveler.
mym0Q4PzTZ2-2eyfKgUxRg	V1nEpIRmEa1768oj_tuxeQ	5	1	Took Travis here for one of our first dates and just LOVE Cibo.  It's situated in a home from 1913 and has colored lights wrapped all around the trees.  You can either sit inside or on the gorgeous patio.  Brick oven pizza and cheese plates offered here and it's definitely a place for a cool date.
F7_kvr01KHD9l2hckfXbnA	vA8T8QXh78iSXhxShLNgQA	2	2	On the verge of just giving one star I, I figured on 2 only because I enjoyed the cool open interior of the main restaurant. As far as the food. That is one star. While having just stopped in at the Ranch Market to pick up a few groceries, I was going to eat at the Market itself but decided to maybe try a place I had never tried near by instead. As I took my groceries to the car, I decided that since I had not yet tried "Tradiciones" I would give them a try. I enjoy the food at the Ranch Market-- tasty and authentic.  Since they are connected I THOUGHT the food would be the same. Boy was I wrong!  I don't know who they have cooking here, but with all the great stuff they have next door it should be A LOT better. The salsa should have been the first clue...it was just ok.  Again, knowing what they make in house next door, made this salsa pretty sad.  Wanting an Agua Fresca to drink and again knowing next door had like 7+ varieties, I was disappointed they only had horchata and pina here. I got the pina, which was probably the best part of this meal. I was really craving some tacos, and noticed they only really offered them under the appetizer menu as street tacos. Also wanting to have a sopito, I thought WTH I will get the sampler platter and add a taco. The platter came with 2 mini chimis, 2 mini taquitos, 2 mini cheese enchiladas and a soptio each of chicken and beef. All looked good when it came out. I enjoyed the taco first...the last thing I was to enjoy on this culinary outing. Then, digging into the chicken enchiladas, the sauce was a "mole". This was not a good mole...way too sweet, someones idea of a mole. Yes, just because a mole has chocolate doesn't mean it's a chocolate sauce.  And the chicken, stringy bland kinda tough. Everything followed suit, bland not very authentic, someones idea of mexican food. It all reminded me of something I would get if in the Mid-west somewhere and wanted Mexican food...not Arizona! The only saving grace to this meal was that it was happy hour on a Saturday and the platter was 1/2 off and the taco was a buck so I left paying only $9 instead of $15. While I will continue to eat at the Market....I will pass on TRADICIONES...*blegh*.
xUPi1IU3JlCnbuZgMqSj-g	nts2OALwvyvfNh9focRZ3w	1	0	The reviews were so good that my friend and I had to check it out. We were very disappointed this morning while trying to eat breakfast and swatting tons of flies!!! They were everywhere, on us, our food, the other customers - and this was inside.  The egg sandwiches were served on hamburger buns shaped like rolls - I could have went next door to get one just like it at McDonalds.  Not surprised people from Ahwatukee like this place, it looks nice but the food is so-so.
KsRPq1cYZIIeXexZ5rBfKg	HDvCnqIf5twbMb5-eG1EJw	4	0	I really enjoy the food here. Great breakfast fare. Great prices. Great service. The pancakes are really good. I still wonder why people go to Dennys.  This is wayyyyyy better.
O2YWgyNkbNFbYCO7XxVfkA	qVWR4NHU3NXlEIaCy67g2g	2	1	I was so excited to find this place, less than a minute down the street from home! Because I'm not a big panda express fan, but I love Chinese food. Sadly, I was disappointed. The orange chicken was very stringy and tasteless. The sweet and sour sauce was runny and mostly sour. The wontons were the only decent thing we ate there. If you want good, cheap chinese avoid this place and try Li's Bowl on 35th ave.
dW7kjEcQFt_ckvKXr2fNbQ	uL_kqSm8ZqJ_3U88uwA8tw	5	11	I can't believe it took me this long to visit Sportsman's but now that I have, I know I'll be making my way back soon enough! Sportman's is a combination wine bar and retail store for spirits, wine, champagne and beer galore. Plus it's locally owned by the Basha's family! I like Sportsman's because it's a friendly and warm atmosphere and they have a great variety of discounts for their different levels of alcohol. The walls are lined from the floor to the ceiling with every type of alcohol. The prices range from $10 - thousands of dollars! It's pretty easy to find any type of brand here. Since it's the holiday season, they are currently offering sales on several of their high-end brands which makes it easy to visit for the purchase of a gift! I also like the fact that guests can visit the intimate bar area and sip on some beverages to take a break from shopping. They also make customized gift baskets!
oXmhPVATH70xTdDBNrrcOw	Y293fHh5SZ0_9BZm4M6BCg	3	0	went there for sunday morning hangover breakfast. the mariachi band, while maybe nice outside or not so loud, was so overpowering that we could not talk... the trumpet was terrible for hangover ears... not peaceful or calm at all- so we sat outside. food was good. service was decent. a little pricey but okay because thats what every downtown restaurant has to do. i would go back... just not near that mariachi band.
k1a70dZI5EABm-MW4asQGg	FUI-hWH_bpis7AKZTWenUQ	4	1	I enjoyed our dinner here although I think this might be more of a happy hour destination.  We had the trio of dips which were lovely.  I had the house enchiladas with grilled chicken and that was delicious.  The rice and beans left something to be desired.  Husband had the pork green chile mac and cheese which he enjoyed but felt was underseasoned.    I ordered the peach sangria on the recommendation of a friend but found it to be too wine-y for me.  I was expected a glass full of fruit as is customary and there was one tiny lone piece of peach clinging sadly to the bottom of the glass.  The waiter was kind enough to swap it out for the passionfruit sangria which I enjoyed much more.  I also tried the blood orange mojito and the coconut mojito.  They were both fabulous and LARGE!  If it were up to me, I'd make them slightly less sweet but they were still fantastic nonetheless.  We shared the macadamia nut brownie and ice cream for dessert and that was wonderful.  The brownie was sort of like the bastard child between cake and a brownie.  Denser than cake, not as dense as a brownie.  Our server was wonderful.  Friendly, attentive, and helpful.
hIydalJ3IiaC60pAhLX__w	1F-pelV0fTduYV_vCrvjLA	4	1	I've been here so many times, I can't believe I haven't reviewed Black Bear yet! This is me and my friend's "go-to" breakfast place. Ginormous portions, and for a decent price. A little slow on the service, but if you're not in a hurry it's no big deal. Basically down home cooking. You see diner and that is exactly what you get. Good eats!
YbhBATyRdcbY_Wg8gk0o_Q	zSEknIqmkGL1pQt-ApEeoQ	4	1	I've only been here once, but I really like this place. There's a good vibe about it. It's clean and airy, with friendly people...oh, and the food is really good too!I tried the Chicken Parmesan sandwich. It was big and delicious and came with a scrumptious salad on the side too. I tasted the Salumeria sandwich too, and it was also very tasty. That one had a nice spicy bite to it; very good!I wish I lived closer to this Aiello's. If you live in the northern part of Phoenix though, this place is certainly worth checking out. I'm looking forward to returning anyway.
XVz-9sNx-Wj7Nh2x-L4rww	mQUC-ATrFuMQSaDQb93Pug	4	0	Dumplings, Chicken fried steak with gravy. What more can you ask for. The satff was friendly and fast, Cant wait to try it again.
qVT1Iy4Td4g74nW1ISzhdQ	V5QdxePG-pGPXVPHSLLM9A	3	2	Great coffee shop with tasty lunch and dinner options, very good coffee and cozy atmosphere.  A couple of critiques -  I found the lunch and dinner menu a bit overpriced for what I received.  I frequently stop in early in the mornings for coffee and a muffin (I live in the area).  The muffins are EXCELLENT, unique and tasty . . when they are available. It doesn't seem like the pastry chef begins early enough in the morning to have pastries ready to go around 6:30 or 7am.  Most other niche coffee shops I've been to in the Phoenix area have fresh baked goods ready to go early in the AM for early commuters like myself.
CqxF_JsKuq7YsW8NIBkGMQ	mqQwChPNN4o4DhAzaGntIA	4	0	Yum!  even though it is incredibly heavy and bad for you- YUM.  we got the beef and hominy stew with fry bread and the ultimate taco.  let's start with the stew- though it was just beef and hominy, the broth was so tasty and delicious.  didn't even need the fry bread on the side.  the ultimate taco was pretty awesome- we got the red beef chili and then it had refried beans, cheese, sour cream, and lettuce.  it definitely wasn't gourmet but it was so delicious and so cheap!  gluttonous, but worth it.  we wanted to get a dessert fry bread, but we were just way too full to even go there.
VgFeoe5kTEBuiQt9MGDlEQ	hh2lP4_2N-tk_OxmaTf_qA	5	0	Great views, great food, great service and great atmosphere!  We thoroughly enjoyed our dinner here and couldn't believe the neighborhood special - 3 courses for $35!The split pea soup was amazing as well as the bing cherry cheesecake...yum!
Gb1IFS9xd8mwMGjqZzyE0Q	FKbLmiEDKqDolWzMXeusUQ	4	1	Id say 3 stars but since the have menudo everyday and prepare it at order I'll go 4. Street tacos are good so is the carne asada.  Typical gringo "Mexican" food.
svaYvWFKqE9nHMhGOuPPcQ	7YYD_agS3Kb2sAx9JPkQEw	4	1	I had never heard of this place until some friends from out of town brought us a bottle of the olive oil. So when I had out of town company visiting, we made a trip to the Olive Mill and signed up for the tour. The tour is not really much of a tour, but more of a 20-25 minute lesson on growing and harvesting olives, and then a look at the equipment used to press the oil. Our tour guide was very entertaining and funny. While there was a long period of standing, there is very little walking so really anyone can get their $5 worth.While waiting for the tour to start, we wandered around the store and then enjoyed the wine and cider tasting outside. They also have live music every Saturday. After the tour we filled several sample cups with a variety of olive oil flavors, and bought a loaf of bread, and enjoyed figuring out what was in each cup. The line to order food was too long, so we didn't stick around for a meal, but everything looked wonderful. The only less than positive thing I have to say is that they really promoted the Pork Shop down the road, so we went there hoping to load up on ready made food (since we had opted not to wait in line for Olive Mill food). It's actually a butcher shop that also sells a few cooked items. There were BBQ pork burritos, green chili burritos, and spare ribs. The pork burrito was alright, but the sauce overwhelmed the meat so that's all you could really taste. The ribs were really a disappointment. They are around $6-7 a pound, and although they were meaty, it took way too much work to get the meat off of the bones. Perhaps a few more hours in the oven, and they would have been better - but I don't recommend going out of your way to check this place out.
8ktkceex_iE1UAW400dYSA	oHjoahzL5F0m-OGDQouEGw	5	0	I bought the HomeRun offer for a bike tune up at Trailhead.  I have to say that I was surprised at the quality of the service they did to my Trek hybrid bike. I could definitely tell the bike was riding better, smoother, more efficient. They even re-installed my bike computer, threading the wire around the front right fork very neatly.  I definitely recommend this place. Oh, and the food is good, too!
oMPUPWWt5Cb2rci5d9yPgA	Gq092IH6eZqhAXwtXcwc6A	5	0	Great food and even better beer. Staff are always friendly.  My favorite microbrewery in the Valley.
9QECdUlKowg20lRDo8FwTQ	mQfT3JYu18HN22DVylcE7A	5	1	Our administrative assistant at work is a big fan of Bertha's.  And now, I am, too.  She's ordered in lunch from Bertha's a couple of times.  The first time, it was the Thai chicken salad, which I loved.  Today, we had two salads and a sandwich tray.  I don't even like sandwiches.  I helped myself to both salads, and picked up a sandwich, intending to dismantle it and eat the meat and cheese.  Inexplicably, I took a bite of the sandwich, and said "OMG!  This is so good!"  It was the turkey w/bacon and avocado sandwich.  My friend seated directly to my left said, "Let's go to Bertha's and order more of these after lunch."  They were truly that good.  The salads were both great, too.  I think we'll be frequenting Bertha's a lot in the immediate future.
N7jK4Hp_i-3H0S5tXtTAZg	uKSX1n1RoAzGq4bV8GPHVg	2	0	The atmosphere was nice what we saw of it. Our party had dined at this establishment over 20 times and we where placed at the worst table in the place on the second floor in the back. The food was good and the service adequate. when we left the valet asked us if we came in the old BMW it is four years old and cost over 100,000. I am never going back and will tell all my friends that this place is not acceptable.
JJmqkq9_cylU0pm9n6kw_g	yZbPvIa_7nt7ekxi31SkUA	4	6	The Saguro is a bright, happy place in the middle of Old Town Scottsdale and I, for one, am a big fan of bright, happy places (people, too but that's a story for another time.)It is set up more like an apartment and less like a hotel with lots of buildings scattered about, all surrounding a pool. (There is actually more than one pool to make this happen.) It definitely has more of a party vibe than some hotels, which is just fine by me. I can imagine during the summa, summa, summertime these pools are hopping. And, even though the feel of the place is fun, the staff of the place is nothing less than professional. Every single person I interacted with was beyond kind, helpful, and happy.Whether you need a hotel room for a night or a full trip, a place to hang out poolside, a happy hour cocktail, a casual meeting place, or breakfast or lunch I think The Saguaro just might have you covered. And all with a smile. What's not to like about that?
4CgoGDd236jY7VaSoFmB1w	asebFFgabg_lfoNpGJHZlQ	4	0	There is absolutely no other restaurant in town that has better BBq.  Their pull pork is just mouth watering.. Very juicy.. Great bbq sauce with a touch of spicy to it... Just perfect.. Ribs are unbelievable.. This is not a place you get a 5 star customer service.. if you are going here and expecting anything but great bbq, you will disappointed... It's a whole in wall and I absolutely love their food... I usually give a lot of points for customer service and treatment... but their food is so good that makes up for everything else they lack and I will keep going back just because of their good bbq....
I72TB8lRvc4Jx8_nuqsjAA	G9LwkTSdKOyOGqd5BbuIkA	4	0	Had just gotten off a long flight and wondered into Aunt Chiladas for the first time.  Loved the food and the margaritas !!  Will go back again.
0OSewGLXfkNzGZLNSnFkNw	RQWliUrWic_b5FZEj3JThQ	4	2	Cheap and good, family type feel...
TxB2nZN2ntdO5xrEirkpOw	luCSjoNQ9q_0QIjKKOy2pQ	4	2	FOOD: I tried the T-Rex (meat lovers pizza), and it was scrumptious. The Thai Peanut Sauce Pizza was a little weird, yet still tasty in its own way, and I could only handle one slice before growing tired of peanut sauce.  The Buffalo Chicken Wing Pizza was also pretty good. The highlight of the menu was the beer. The Elsie's Irish Cream, a milk stout, was one of the best stouts I've had (better than the Left Hand Stout). It had a strong coffee flavor but in a good way (I don't drink coffee). The Orange Blossom (mandarin orange hefeweizen) was the best Hefeweizen I've ever had, and I generally don't like Hefeweizens. The orange flavor definitely made that drink more than tolerable. I tried several other beers from Papago's own brewery, and the rest seemed  good. They have dozens of bottled beers in the fridges along the walls. But I never got a chance to try any of them. PRICE: Around $5 per beer on tap. Personal pizzas were $9 and large pizzas that could feed 2-3 people were $18. Appetizers were around $5. ATMOSPHERE: Pretty neat place. Funny statues, tvs, darts and all wooden furniture. Drawbacks are very small tables, uncomfortable chairs, odd layout, and almost too loud at times. SERVICE: The place seemed a little understaffed at times. We would be helped my a couple employees throughout the night as one would have to run behind the bar to make drinks or clean. All the servers were very nice and patient, but seemed to be a little overwhelmed and, thus, forgot to bring me a drink I ordered. SKINNY: Papago Brewing Company Inc has its pros and cons, but overall its a good place. I would definitely go there for the beer, while the pizza is good but nothing to rant about. Some may disagree with me, but I still prefer Tempe's own Four Peaks. I feel Four Peaks' food is better, better seating, and the beers are just as good as Papago's flavors. Don't let this comparison discourage you! Papago's is still a good place to drink and eat.
NMXfzmoPJgDlbF1x7E5Ppw	UI5ghIUeHYxzwSfaDVUXOA	4	0	Had an opportunity to take our Canadian guests to Aiello's for supper on the weekend.  It was a a moderate drive but we were not disappointed.  We were rewarded with pleasant surroundings, attentive service and good food.  The complementary hot pepper starter was unusual and tasty when coupled with the fresh bread.  The Mushroom Ravioli Special was especially enjoyed by my spouse and the other entrees brought favorable reviews from our guests.  All in all an enjoyable dining experience.
JTlz3wfoh_zx__nOgoONKA	M_GFrB5jq323JAIh9aU0Bw	3	1	this may be the fastest I have ever Yelped and it proves that I am hopelessly addicted to this foresaken site!!!Was in the area and figured I would hit up this burrito place.  i was in the mood for the slop that makes a tasty burrito.  This certainly was not bad.HUGE burrito.lots and lots and lots of meattons of sauce, guac, cheese, pico, and more of all that too.Pretty tasty and now I am stuffed. I am in the area from time to time so I think I will go back and kill some more burritos.
pwBby4MzhVmiBfUJasq0jg	c0RSs2KYK5Y-ZlSrNq9LyA	3	1	This was my first restaurant in Phoenix. I was taken here for a lunch prior to an interview I had. I was pretty nervous about the whole situation so I don't remember too many details, but I would recommend this place if you're a sushi lover or on the go and need a quick lunch to eat at your desk. Service was great too.
uMD5efbewunrCU6LxqXzxA	0wRPvS-sG5x-pEMKVuDBJg	4	0	This is definitely the best place for breakfast in Wickenburg.  Loved all the cowboy decorations, photos of actors from the early Westerns days, and the "cuckoo" clock which didn't cuckoo but instead whinnied like a horse.  Clean premises, very friendly staff, excellent service, and breakfast for the group came out in due time. Call ahead for groups of more than 4, as most of the booths are small.
fnJQ1arn9sRH4RoQs8B3xQ	zYCGmnEvORQ7pf4Lwfrc2w	5	1	Perfect burritos, polite staff with a couple cuties working here.  I love Chipotle!
ObLm2Kw_Vyj0MthpgwaozA	qfFSS0A5OXUkCbTeC1fYLw	5	4	A few years ago my husband bought me a gift certificate for this spa. Oh my god - it was the most beautiful spa I had ever went to! I had a facial and a massage. In addition to that - I got unlimited day usage of their spa stuff! They had a beautiful locker room that had a sauna and jacuzzi in it. An secluded area where you could lay outside - naked! They also had a huge pool out behind the spa where you could just layout and be lazy. Oh- also they had some sitting rooms with magazines, fire places -oh my goodness. It was awesome! AND - the prices weren't that high compared to other spa's in the valley. Check it out if you can!
M6tdg-RPnkKG9AKaSHlo_A	hebts_NucpamjCG2B9VY5g	1	1	Let me start by saying after my experience I surly wish they had half or quarter stars and I am not often found with a lack of words but this is going to take some effort to stomach.Strolled into this establishment at about 1:30 am, now to their credit I fully understand the crowd on mill at these hours so I lower my levels of expectations..Place is moderately busy as we walk in, I get to the counter, order some pepperoni pizza and a pretzel with 2 drink cups. Second drink cup is forgot after they ran out of the dispenser, after I remind him he gets a fresh stock of cups to replenish his dispenser but first takes his hand, fingers placed inside the cup and hand me one. Yuck.. Gf didn't catch it so I gave her the first cup and took the lingering finger taste cup as my own.Fast forward a few minutes, guy is in there , his friends are loud and his face is cut wide open from who knows what incident.. He is arguing and finally his friends get him out the door. Now if I ran this place that guy and his yelling and problems would have been asked to stay, his hands Nd bloody shirt bumping and squeezing past people was discussing . But.. Let's let that go because it's busy and again this is MIll and it is 2 am..Fast forward 10 minutes.. Tell the guy the ice machine is out, several minutes later.. They fill it.. Again it's busy, no big deal on that one, and with the high temp in the place maybe it killed on the fingerprint bacteria in my cup while we waited.. "I'm a wishful thinker"Several more minutes go buy of people bustling past, smearing nastily cheese wish sandwich wrappers all o over the floor as We walked by "place was trashed" I go back up and ask the guy for our order.. He said", oh sorry forgot" I was amused but it's just sliced pizza and a pretzel.. He tosses them in the oven, and a couple minutes later I get them. Well pizza had obviously been there forever but it was pizza, pretzel was hard as a rock and couldn't eat it.Then the show starts.. there had been a few people in there, that obviously knew the gentlemen working the register, the flooding actions are the cause for this reviewing of the above..Short list-employee is wiping his sweaty face by hand, receiving money..then is prepping pizza with topping BY BARE HAND.. Placing it in the oven, all with out gloves. This occurs over and over, then when his friends arrive there is a round of hand slaps... Um.. Where did these guys come from, did they wash their hands?, eww.  So in the 45 minutes I am in here,no hand washing, no gloves..his hands on food, toppings, money, hands, face, along with all over surfaces possible. Freaking DISGUSTING.But it gets better.. His friends that he is conversing with are about to ice the cake..  One of them this red headed guy is reaching behind the counter near the pick up, and grabbing fries out of the Bin with his hands.. This happens no less than 10 times..Another one ask his to meet them in the bathroom... Um what? Yes.. That locked bathroom father 1 am that is closed off to customers.. Hmm my imagination can only wonder what brief activity occurred in the restroom. could my dazed and non health conscious server and front man for this business also be doing drug's one can only speculate. His actions after reflected a very relaxed and dazed person.Where I will give this guy a couple points, is end of the night he started picking up the place as it had slowed, well this obviously is his job and they have to clean up at the end of the night anyways..but was surprised at this point. At this point and my food not eaten we are done being entertained by watching all this and he asked to take our plate at which time he noticed I didn't eat much. He asked if the pretzel was not good and I choose this time to politely tell him the reasons above as why we didn't finish. He took it in stride, with no attitude but said simply they got busy and backed up. I do appreciate that but honestly there is ZERO excuse for even a small percentage of the actions to have taken place. I see this as a health risk and was more comfortable at taco stands in Mexico than this establishment. In short, I'll be contacting the owner of this location. I do realize this is a late night food offering, I do realize the clientele, but I also know this is unacceptable and some poor guy who is mismanaging this place needs a wake up call.I will be back very soon, if anything just to see if changes are made after I voice my concerns. If needed ill be happy to forward my videos to the county health inspector.-Thanks for reading this little novel.
epf_obhMpyZe4kIp4WAW-Q	ChmqODwuYP1ewjmWXtxtsg	3	0	Decent place for legit Chinese food with the usual fast service and decent prices. We were able to enjoy roasted duck, crispy pan fried noodles and honey walnut shrimp. All winners we thoroughly devoured. It's location is convenient and parking is readily available. Seating is plentiful so there was no wait when we arrived. Overall, a good find we'll probably go back to when we're in the mood for real Chinese din din.
gMTMPAyZWUuYgvfq4eQkIw	PmPOuRvuN3CoNOi1nBj_TQ	5	0	We live by and love this place! Happy hour is most def the biggest bang for your buck! Try the shrimp boil but only if you like your shrimp a little spicy!
7gOzR7vm5Pt-68-6k1dZ_Q	pOQpwDJMikAgrM8BW3iHnw	4	1	Very casual.    Great white alfredo pizza.  We get it with mushrooms, onions and ricotta.  So yum!  Very pleasant staff.  Delivery - quick!  Salads are just okay.  Standard - w/ iceburge lettuce  It's really for the pizza that we go.
bpETPtrqZge1KjM0cbEIgw	wct7rZKyZqZftzmAU-vhWQ	5	0	What a joy to discover Thai Lahna with my friend Keith Galbut who has been going here for over 10 years. I can see why. Family owned and operated - and everyone is very friendly and helpful. Of course all that matters is the food, right - and it's marvelous. We tried several dishes and all were well spiced and wonderful. Highly recommended.
Co24bDyiWK0XStIL8FzZGQ	7SO_rX1F6rQEl-5s3wZxgQ	4	1	Given its location and surroundings (Postino's, fancy little grocery, etc), LGO is surprisingly casual inside, which I actually enjoyed.There seemed to be a decent selection of wine (sorry, I didn't pay attention to the beer list) and if they don't have what you want, you can grab a bottle at the grocery and drink that.  I had the sangria, but didn't really love it.The pizza though, oi, so yummy.  We had just cheese and sausage, and it was delicious.  I was a little iffy ordering sausage as I'm pretty picky about it, but it was great.  Had I not been trying to be a little ladylike, I could see myself scarfing down most of a whole pizza. I also have bumped LGO to the top of my list of good places to take out of town guests, especially pickier eaters.  Who doesn't love pizza?Update:  The roasted corn pizza is FANTASTIC.
o5KPIpdCtkfOgungohck4g	vfLog2bLJGl6hAFtGtr0GQ	3	0	Cool atmosphere and good service.The food is good but seems they are still working on their recipes. The complimentary bread was cold (a small but important detail) and the "salsa verde" was mediocre. I had the Orange and Fennel Prawns and there was too much orange and barely any fennel. My boyfriend had the Lobster Mac n' Cheese. Said the lobster didn't taste fresh and the sauce was too rich.Ernie, the manager came over and introduced himself. He explained the remodel from the previous concept. We'll definitely come back to support a local place at CityScape. I just hope to see some improvements in the food.
QqZj1yJMmpf7BhdFB_sN9A	SDwYQ6eSu1htn8vHWv128g	4	4	I know my 2 girlfriends that absolutely LOVE this place will balk at my 4 stars instead of 5. But honestly, I think this place is slightly overrated. Don't get me wrong, I like this place, and I oblige them every time they want to go, but I think 4 stars is just right for the rating. We went there this weekend, and the typical scenario went down. Parking was cramped (lucked out to get a "valet" spot which I parked into myself as it was right out front by the entrance - no I'm not waiting for you Mr. Valet Dude to get into my car and pull it forward into the spot right in front of my face, thank you very much), and there was a short wait (maybe 10-15 minutes). We sat outside, which wasn't ideal since it was cold and drizzly, but we had patio heaters on both sides of our table so it was OK. Sadly we didn't make their $5 wine special, which ends at 5pm, so we were paying full price for the glasses of wine - ranging from $8 to about $12-13. I don't know about you, but I really am not a fan of paying $10 for a glass of wine when I can pay that for an entire bottle. But alas, I had 2 different wines through the course of the night, both on recommendation from the servers, and both decent. We ordered the infamous bruschetta, with the 4 choices being: smoked salmon (YUM!), warm artichoke (tasty), roasted red pepper (still good), and white bean with tomato (OK, but nothing to write home about). For dinner, I had the half & half combo (where you get to choose 2 different items), and I chose the mixed green salad (REALLY delicious, with an awesome combination of greens, pears, grapes, gorgonzola cheese, pecans, & poppyseed dressing) and half of a turkey/pesto pannini. The pannini was QUITE boring. Didn't have much flavor at all. I think it was lacking on the pesto. And honestly, this is what I come to expect at Postino. Some things are just unbelievable and you want to lick your plate clean, and other things are simply boring and tasteless (like the white bean/tomato bruschetta and the turkey/pesto pannini). And hence my rating of 4 stars rather than 5. If the parking was easier, the wines were always $5 a glass, and the food was consistent, I would give it 5 stars. Fair enough?  :)
cTr84XfzGeUmYjNCxUWcWA	jnzROxEjNkgeo5Ju3F8qzQ	3	0	I went here last year when I was in AZ, I thought it was God's gift to Mexican food... I was a bit tipsy last year when I went there... I went again last week, it was "ehhhh". Don't get me wrong, still good, but not as wonderful as I remembered... not even close. We had to wait an hour for a table, the waiter made us wait about 15 minutes (not kidding) for water and chips/salsa... Seriously, 15 minutes? You dumbass! The desserts were super good though, that was the upside...
rBkXFIhljFRx6yXrjnD2AA	4DhqZ0tyi2V2Mp8IqTREAA	3	2	Hmmm ... where to start.  Food was good, flavorful, no complaints; although for the price I did not think the portions were that great - but everything was tasty and everyone enjoyed their meals.It's a big open place, with concrete floors and picnic table type environment.  Patio with misters and big open doors to the outside.  A good atmosphere for BBQ.  Someone mentioned the parking being marginal (very true - same as when this was a bar in it's prior life).  I think my biggest downside is how much I had to serve myself - go to the counter to order, pay, get to table, get drinks, get place settings (plastic utensils), for a beer have to go to the separate bar area, order, pay, return for more, etc. (can't order beer where you order food).While I enjoyed the food, not sure how often I'll be back - would not want to be there when it was crowded and have to wait in lines repeatedly.
Ljx8xFy2GwtQnu1_Ds4QGA	JM6X0PJBcMkAjOuZqMaZsQ	5	0	Was looking for a nice dinner place in Peoria to send my mom and step-dad for a birthday celebration.  The people at Flemings were wonderful.  They took my request over the phone and made sure they had a lovely evening.  Mom raved about the service and the photos she sent made the food look fantastic!
deF_5OANi4UoW8PlIglz3A	FV0BkoGOd3Yu_eJnXY15ZA	5	1	great food... HUGE wine list (same as Kashmere)...  whatever you do make sure to get there cob salad thing (stedson chopped salad)... I substituted the salmon for chicken, but it is still out of this world... i know people that have brought in chefs from out-of-town to figure out what is in it so they can bring it home to their city... don't remember much else... but i remember i have never had anything bad since i have been going there.
f6f62rroMa4vSgK1Emmqxw	yJr24Yy1K6bt2G9fX3_zPA	2	1	I have never written a review, but the food at Havana Cafe was so underwhelming (and not in the least bit good) that I feel compelled to share. I ordered the Pollo Ajillo which, in reality, was a pile of salt with a side of chicken and rice. I opted for Arroz con Gandules instead of white rice as it has been years since I have had this tasty Puerto Rican side. The whole thing was almost inedible... I came home and actually brushed my teeth immediately, it was so bad!  My husband had the Pollo Cubano, which was equally underwhelming and nothing that we could not make at home ourselves.  The restaurant gets an extra star for the wonderful Cafe Cubano and the extremely attentive wait staff .  I had high hopes for this place but the next time I have a craving for Cuban food, I will be heading to Sabor Cubano.
Aoi2mMoXLX_XX_NEip6Pog	jfDBaBgwINrGYAo8p2MJ4g	4	0	This place is an amazing little find. It serves fresh, delicious noodles for next to nothing. The absolute best part of this place is that you get to pick the kind of noodle you want meaning you can try your favorite dish multiple times while changing it up!
cmq2sBWQoBvnJk4L0hXLyg	R2FuwuSjmyvzNWNfqzKUvw	5	1	Very delicious food without long waits! The staff is very friendly and accommodating. I look forward to going back.
Q55prN7JXMbndsHGr-O6Cw	U605aUo9MJn5vgLfP3yYKg	4	3	Same as the others... Clean, friendly and good. I was able to order a chicken legs and mashed taters for one kid, coleslaw and frys for the other, 2 kids meals for the adults and no one complained. They are always more then happy to help you in anyway possible.
U6JvoV0WYiNgUANabXMQsw	YCCDMLcb7UW8G-o_HsWiiA	3	5	Steak, yes, but 2 other words first come to mind when reminiscing about Modern Steak: Retail Therapy.No, I'm not talking about the fact that Modern Steak is conveniently (albeit awkwardly) located in Scottsdale's Fashion Square. Instead, I think back fondly on a delightful little cocktail -- Belvedere, Grand Marnier, strawberry, basil and lemon juice, served chilled in a martini glass (as expected), but also with a little carafe of extr drinky-drink (unexpected), complete with a suspended ice-ball to keep your drink cold while you sip -- without watering it down. GENIUS. Ok, ok, so you're wondering: why the 3 stars? Well, genius cocktails only get you so far. I like to think that I've sampled a fair number of steaks in my day, from frou-frou to straight-from-farm fresh, and I gotta say that the whole steak experience at Modern Steak was about a 3 -- not bad, but not amazing. Just pretty...average. And for $46, I'm not %100 convinced it was worth it. Let me elaborate: - 12 oz. filet: I ordered it three of their five sauces -- the Steak Sauce (which cost extra...bummer) and the House-Made Ketchup. Now, one of the sauces that I simply a-dore with a nice steak is a Peppercorn sauce...so I was a little bummed when they didn't have one. So after getting a recommendation for the Steak Sauce, I went with it, and it was...well, kind of a let down. I didn't love either sauce, truth be told. Granted, I haven't tried the other three, so I guess I'll have to go back and check them out, but all in all, my steak experience was lessened by these sauces, rather than heightened. Boo. - Sides: we ordered the Roasted Brussel Sprouts and Yukon Gold Potato Puree. The sprouts were...meh, but I'm willing to admit that I've been spoiled by the best brussel sprouts of all time at a little place called Larchmont Grill in Los Feliz, CA. They are fantastic. But even so, I'm not convinced these were really that great...I felt they were a definite let down. As for the potatoes, they were literally SWIMMING in butter, which made them very difficult to eat...and to top it all off, both sides were pretty small, even for two people. All in all, I felt the level at which the meal was prepared was a bit sub-par considering the prices and what I can imagine they were going for...there are a lot of restaurants that do what they do, and do it a lot better, so if they want to compete, they're going to need to up their game. UP it. Combined with the fact that we were sitting awkwardly on the patio, which was really just sort of jutting out into the mall, I can't justify more than 3 stars. However, would I try it again? Absolutley. Get the steak? Maybe not. But I think that, for a relatively new restaurant, they're well on their way.
lYMhA9YpNOUswD2yKnJTGA	LjqY98zL96sem_PxC6ZG3g	5	1	One word: PISTACHIO...in all its glory...no need to say more.
lpLwO739FKKNpP_k2oSqKg	XI-_Y2XRw03mozGx0Z90Gw	3	1	It's Baja Fresh, what can i say? It's clean, they're fast and it's a hell of a lot better than McDonald's. I usually call in my lunch order from work and it's almost always ready and waiting when I get there to pick it up.I do have to say that their pico de gallo is great and I could probably live on just that for the rest of my life. I get extra cups of it and eat it all by itself.
OvWclW10lovDNUq8JwWKCw	sbsFamEj5wDxNAjUKrMcSw	1	7	Honestly the drinks are overpriced and have a hint of rubbing alcoholHonestly my lunch was just okayHonestly they have a drink called the stigmataHonestly I am dreading having to give them 2 stars given the hypeBut, I am supposed to be honest.This place has been the buzz since before I returned stateside. My coworkers had also been hearing the same buzz. We just had to go as the finale to our week of lunch. Yeah, I probably would've been better off at the Billet Bar across the street. I mean it is biker week. The people watching would've been stellar. The only people watching I had at RnR was the gorgeous server outside our window on the patio. But even his piece of art body won't bring me back.The first hint should've really been the overpriced drinks we started with. I figured for that price they should be damn good so I ordered some lime concoction. A coworker got the stigmata. Holy strong... and not in a good way. I mean, I appreciate my drink as much as the next but not when I can't even enjoy it. One of my other coworkers on the other hand, was enjoying his blue moon. That was until he held it up to take another sip and the entire bottom of his glass fell off.. yes.. fell in one piece.. onto our table. What happened to the contents do you ask? That went all over him, the table, inside someone's wallet, and onto an iPhone and my face. The waiter wasn't even really apologetic about it aside from giving us some extra cloth napkins which weren't soaking anything up at all. No wet rag, no comp, no apology, nothing but another glass of blue moon we were hoping wasn't bought at a prank store and a sticky table, faces, and sunglasses.The chicken lollipops were not what I expected, but really weren't bad. I did enjoy those. I also enjoyed the presentation of my fries. Cute silver bucket. Tons of fries. Couldn't finish.I ended up getting a chicken sandwich that had brie and some other goodness on it. Totally forgot to order it without tomato, but I picked it off easily. I know what you're thinking, they serve breakfast here til 2pm, why the hell did the breakfast queen not order breakfast. Honestly, none of it wooed me enough that it looked delicious. They had a make your own omelet that was on my short list of things to order, but I'm glad I didn't after seeing a coworker's tiny ass omelet and bread with no other side for $10. Also, I highly doubt their Amish french toast is all that Amish. Just sayin'. I know a bit or two about Amish goodness.So, back to my lunch.. it was just eh, which was sad. The description sounded so delicious I really was expecting to be wowed.. finally.. after all the mishaps I'd had up until this point. I do admit I loved the bread. It was delicious. I also appreciated that despite them not having honey mustard, aioli, or anything else to dip my fries in aside from ketchup and barbeque sauce (which was given with the sweet potato fries.. ew) they tried to make me honey mustard. Unfortunately it was just honey mixed in with bottle mustard ketchup. I ended up using the ranch dressing from the lollipops. What I paid for this was ridiculous.The way they reacted to the beer mishap was ridiculous.The food was meh.Not even I was tempted to try breakfast there.It was like the beautiful model that has no brains.... and I want some brain thought going into my dining experience. Don't try to woo me with simple sex appeal.One of my coworkers commented that maybe in 6 months when the pans are seasoned well after being used the place will be worth it to try again. I told him maybe.Had to edit that someone from our table got terribly ill too... oy vey!
Hw0IOfTf-SpkByFAG7BilQ	EOCQ5E0lakUyBvUH0L9--g	4	1	My friend who I was visiting and I went here for a fundraiser type of a deal.  I don't know what I was expecting but I really liked the island concept of the place.  My friend recommended a salad and I got a Caribbean chicken salad with some sort of coconut rice, chicken,  oranges, pineapple, tortilla strips, etc.  Well, the salad was huge!!!  The honey lime dressing was very flavorful and complimented the salad well.  We shared the rumbi fries, which were a combination of sweet and regular fries, and as aforementioned in some other reviews, I love the sweet potato fries and wish they all could have been that (do I sound like the Beach Boys?).  The decor was pretty cute and the music was great (Marley, Buffett type stuff).  The rice bowls looked fantastic, as did the sandwiches.  The prices were pretty good, considering the amount of food you received.
huxJYY1CrRta2AZL6Gyoig	MuIXnv7Oq7X3-4aEsp9dDA	5	0	Chopped Salad was fabulous, as was the lamb burger. Service was top rate.
g1jv4rFme2Y5UCSSi38cug	xz1fQwwVAhqA9MsmMaGyZA	5	0	Visited this restaurant last week with a groupon special, not expecting their best service since I was using a coupon. I was pleasantly surprised on how great the service was!  Our waitress was knowledgeable and friendly which made for a great happy hour!  Their guacamole is great and their assorted chip basket made everything extra yummy!I'll definitely be returning :)
khrdbAbNc55KawLbyam7aA	v68yAIw0gpn15xwtcR_rKg	2	0	I moved to phoenix from northern California where I would get my Dutch Bros. fix almost every day! Either I was spoiled by the great customer service in my area or the service here is really that horrible. I've gone a handful of times and they have all been extremely shallow and inattentive. Not to mention they've all charged me different prices for the same drink! One person charges me $3.50 and someone else charges me $5.25?? Get your act together and be a bit more friendly and real with your customers.
JB22Hz08FvceJBiP0yt2XQ	LuTLXVyJvgshMlXTBw-Now	1	0	I have so many friends that love this chain, but I'm not a fan. I've eaten at different locations across different states, but always end up sick. I think that I must be allergic to a seasoning that they apply to everything. I've gotten sick from salad, pasta, to steaks. Needless to say, if a friend wants to eat dinner here, it's tea or water only for me.
LApGjBwHeNnKCvwwIxmDxQ	duHUQFn7K-Ybs1rPI4AOEQ	4	1	Yeah, it's a chain and while not haute cuisine, we had a very good meal there.  We were there on a busy Saturday night and we had great, friendly and quick service and our food was quite good.  Not only is it a good value for the neighborhood, I thought it was downright cheap for what you get.  (It's probably roughly comparable to The Hillstone Group's Houston's or Bandera in terms of quality and service at about half the price.)  Great salads too.I wouldn't necessarily go out of my way for it, but it's a very reasonable choice if you happen to be at Fashion Square.Dinner for 2 with drinks, about fifty bucks.
BnA5IJia3_hC1usM0rVLiA	nfyqtEoufkhjv97IueK7Ow	2	1	We've eaten at Arriba a few times now.  I really don't care for their food, and service is slow more often than not.  The first time we went we were there it took a good two hours!  And that's not because we're slow eaters.  We did stop in for happy hour last week though, and although their margaritas aren't the greatest, they're decent enough!  They ofter a 12 oz. house margarita for .99 or a 24 oz. grande for 4.99.  Why people would pay five times as much for a marg twice the size, I don't know.  We each had three .99 margs, ate the chips, salsa and bean dip and our bill came to 5.94.  $6 and I left with a full stomach and a buzz.  Nice!
rWRxG-XzihggwUCaOFc9Dg	It8Q9-l1EEtTr9NPpTgGPA	2	0	I wanted to love this place so bad considering I've lived in Venezuela and hadn't tasted some of this country's food in over 17 years.  However it pains me to write that I was pretty disappointed.  The server, who is assume owned the restaurant, is a very nice guy but forgot my stepson's food and didn't realize until 15 mins after he dropped off our food.  My cachapa was burnt and dripping with butter.  Don't get me wrong, cachapas usually are rockin with butter but this was oozing everywhere.  The arepa was pretty decent and the only saving light of the meal but overall this experience left me wanting more.
sim2cQ2QPXL4Y2A3mH4vbg	6SMQl2vR37HvjYWwSl1V3w	5	2	By far my favorite restaurant in valley. Deliciously spicey. A bit pricey if you're picking and choosing items but they're complete meals are a pretty good bang for the buck. Not actually sure about the service as I've only gotten takeout but if its any where close to the quality of food, then it must be awesome.
_UWKkz9dTM6ntfd1QY6-Sw	JRzrqJmsQ5AZ4bMQLUfyHg	5	3	Hands down, the best breakfast I've had in Tempe/Phoenix.   We arrived on a Sunday morning around 9am and had no wait for a table.  The service was friendly and attentive.  A few slip ups on forgetting things in the kitchen (e.g. bringing someone's toast), but our waitress was great.Everyone in our party loved their food.  I had the Vatican skillet (which we still can't figure out why it's called the Vatican...?) and blueberry pancakes.  Others had the three musketeers omelette and the breakfast burrito.  All of the food was awesome.And then there was the brandied blackberry bread pudding dessert.  Oh. My. God.  I don't even have the words to describe it.  At least not words that are appropriate for yelp.  It alone is worth a trip to this restaurant.I'll be back.  Not soon enough.
5WSHeWRxZ91ACTBwkkWZ5w	Xq9tkiHhyN_aBFswFeGLvA	5	0	Absolutely loved this place! My fiance and I came across the Arrogant Butcher while we were in Phoenix celebrating my birthday and our engagement. My fiance had found it on yelp and said "we must go there for lunch one day" while we were there. We ended up going here for my birthday dinner, after a "higher end" establishment couldn't accomodate my gluten allergy. The food, the drinks and the waitstaff were great! It was so good, we went back the next day!
nRGoGMl-q2yz050--09MVw	KTF-E3NfkJy2wiwcgOPyVQ	5	1	This is one of the best Asian meals you may ever eat. They are amazingly inexpensive for lunch too. The house fried rice and the wonton soup are perfection. The Lincoln location is prettier but the food is the same.
Bdfo3Nytyvd5fuV2D3C-Wg	x_mxrJALBi5No9CxRswEaQ	5	1	Wow, love that a place like this moved in down the street. Inexpensive, fresh, delicious - everything I want in a mexican restaurant.My soft shell carne asada taco was fantastic -- freshly prepared and topped with guacamole, which by the way is super creamy. Basket of chips are free, as is the toppings bar -- every one of the 6 or sauces were delicious. I plan on frequenting Salsa Blanca ; )
E7-n_dzvhriH_3c3zOfe4A	Hgbxen9iKGL4AH6kKgC8YQ	1	0	This is the closest to a New York hipster style coffee shop I've seen in Arizona.  They serve beer too.  Problem is that the espresso was unbelievably bitter.  Cookie happy hour is pretty cool though.
DZF0Ip31NM2nqvpqMOHleA	e_riFHMoJ1Yguvr0KtOkDQ	3	0	Dear Yelp: Why can't there be a 3.5 star rating?  I wanted to give this place 4 stars, but will have to wait for another visit to bump it up.I have never been here before, so I consulted with my fellow Yelpers for their input.  The service was quick and prompt.  Our waitress was friendly and on top of things.  I was impressed by the selection of beer, although small, with an offering of Alaskan Amber Ale...mmmm.We decided to keep things simple this trip.  12 wings, medium flavor, one large margherita pizza with garlic on 1/2.  GOODS: I LOVE the mozzarella that they use!  I have never tasted cheese this cheesy or this good on my pizza.  NO JOKE.  The wing sauce was also delicious and they provided you with a perfect amount of sauce to cover the wings.  AND, the ranch was NOT watered down, which I am traditionally used to.BADS:  The parking lot sucks.  We had to park across the street from their main lot to find a spot.  Also, the tomatoes on the pizza were unripe.  Our pizza was soggy in the center, perhaps from the tomato juice during the cooking process, and it made for bad leftovers in the microwave the next day.So, with the combination of the both, I will definitely say that I shall return to give them another sampling in due time, and perhaps bump up that star to where I think it should be in the back of my mind.
5aD_MsPpT8iTMEHycVbomg	V1nEpIRmEa1768oj_tuxeQ	3	2	Set in a restored 1913 bungalow, Cibo (pronounced "CHEE-boh") has hardwood floors, exposed brick, a stained-glass panel and a fireplace to set the mood while revitalizing the downtown Phoenix area with beautiful salads, antipasto, artisanal pizzas and housemade fresh pasta.    I flew in for business on a Wednesday night. My friends picked me up and they decided to take me to Cibo.    Right off the bat, I was impressed with the ambiance this place exudes. Every corner of this place is romantic. Great for small parties, or just two.    We were seated outside at a table for four. The server was very well versed with the wine list, and the menu. She right away offered some appetizer ideas, and wine parings. All good offerings. We decided on a bottle of Vipra rossa. It was over all a good wine, and went well with dinner. Also we ordered the 3 Pair Buschetta. This little gem was awesome. It came to our table on a cutting board type platter. Three little buschetta slices each having a different topping. First was grape tomatoes and basil, the second had cannelini beans, and the third had prosciutto crudo and mozzarella. Ah Mazz ING.     Being that I wasnt feeling super adventurous on the meal, I just ordered the Diavola pizza for one. Average pizza I'd have to say, was not very inventive. Good presentation though.   Service was a five.
dc9QzMK5ngeWlser3yiQLQ	2h9LsLPdJ7OvZrYJZhVdAw	5	0	Best place in Arcadia to get a coffee or a tea. Lots of friendly locals and great place to sit outside to people watch and read the paper in the morning early lunchtime.
sYO9odoEv84GSeIKmBfkow	O-Xa9GCFWI65YiBD5Jw_hA	5	0	Best Steak Ever. That is all.  Everything on the menu is amazing. Go now.
ylkaE7_T-Nt4VdLh76P6PA	maB4VHseFUY2TmPtAQnB9Q	5	13	in honor of the impending superbowl XLV, i wanted to write my majerles review. this year though, instead of hitting up a sports bar for the biggest day in football, i'll be going to a party. a real rager. if i wasn't though, i would definitely be pressed up against majerles front door bright and early superbowl morning. it's a great sports bar.the weirdest thing about majerles is their name. someone finally told me it wasn't pronounced "mah jer lees" like i had thought.... it's pronounced "mar lees". so let me get that out first.i'm a big sports nut.... well, let me rephrase that. i'm a big sports nut when it involves REAL sports. i won't make fun of anyone, but if it's not football, baseball, basketball or hockey i don't wanna hear about it. unless of course we're talking about extreme sports like surfing, skateboarding, etc. being a fan of sports makes me a fan of sports bars. there are only 3 main things i need in order for a sports bar to be great in my opinion. let me lay them out for you:a good selection of beers, happy hour specials and bar snacks--- yes, majerles has this in spades. large selection of beers and any sports bar that has perrier jouet, vueve clicquot and dom champagnes must be praised.(mostly because i think this is absolutely hilarious. WHO orders pricey champers at a sports bar? haha!) also, put me down as a fan of their reuben reuben and tenderloin sliders. yum.the service--- there's nothing worse than sidling up to a bar, excited to watch your team kick some ass and ordering a drink from a bartender that seems bored and unhappy. every bartender i've come in contact with at majerles truly loved being at work (or they at least acted like it). bartenders attitudes really carry a lot more weight then they realize. happy bartender =  happy bar patronsthe strategic placement of large TV sets for comfortable viewing pleasure--- yep. they designed this with real sports fans in mind. no matter where i sit, i can see a multitude of TV's with little blocking my view. so they have it all, and i likey. go here if you're looking for a good bar to watch the superbowl... or any sporting event for that matter. oh, and GO PACK GO!!!
82cDFmXQkZH4Hti8Rp0hSA	-xFO1E3OiDMmdqdjwUM_DA	4	0	It was almost impossible for me not to stop here on the cab ride back from old town for carne asada fries.mmmm sooo good! I really only went there between the hours of 2-4am but, los betos never let me down.
qLs_bZnb6esDcXDVvbe68Q	GhhpkAkGl4JE_M_Szwegeg	4	1	So much food to choose from on the menu! They have so many options (healthy eater,unhealthy eater,  vegetarian, breakfast, lunch, etc)  for every kind of diner. I tried an omlet with turkey and brie and I enjoyed it very much. The orange juice was fresh. I was expecting very large portions but they are more than perfect for a super hungry appetite. Service was very good.
7ceH1q2lBT0EBHGbIcR-jg	iNvY0zAlaD_ye7Z6rHu-Ug	4	2	the grilled chicken sandwich hold the mayo add ketchup and mustard and the fries - off the chain!  minus one star because it should stay open later.
QXvMbL1dwOwOMxOLP4CHqQ	xY1sPHTA2RGVFlh5tZhs9g	3	0	Thank goodness someone took over what once was pink taco, aka yuck city, and turned it into something worth stopping in when in Scottsdale. Fox Concepts yet again has made a success and a place I think I will actually return to. To start with we had a delicious plate of cheese and meats from the anti pasta menu, along side with some marinated olives and bread w/ olive oil. Just enough to get our taste buds excited and just enough to have my boyfriend (who is not into fancy smancy stuff) say "give me some more".  These went nicely with our beers (they've got a great list), my mother's martini (which she seemed to enjoy), and my brother's gin on the rocks (he says they carry a gin that is very rare and delicious but the name didn't stick with me-sorry). All of our dinner plates were delicious; fried chicken w/ mashed tatters & biscuits (skin on chicken was a little on the salty side but very crunchy), salmon w/ apple and rice, grilled cheese sliders(who could mess those up?), chicken salad, prime rib dip (served with onion soup instead of au jus, yum yum), and the patato ghesicuto (pasta- I know I can't spell but it was yummy too). Around the table, everyone seemed pretty satisfied.My only criticisms would be that we were seating just to the side of the kitchen, enough to be able to look inside. I dig places that leave it open so you can watch your foot and the chefs are aware that the client is aware of whats going on BUT I did watch one man on the end prepare countless dishes without gloves on. He went from cutting and laying out proscuitto onto creating their carmel kettle corn dessert (scooping with bare hands), to setting out what appeared to be the fondue app. Yes, there can be worse things that happen in a restaurant but as someone who has worked in food service, it made me squirm a bit. I suppose that's why it's called Culinary Dropout....oh, and the music was a bit too loud for me. Great joint for out with friends on the way to the bar or I would think for happy hour but not for a family dinner (my Grandma had to barrow a flashlight from the waitress it was so dark).
N7j2J3V278BSyYBMXuSqcw	mQfT3JYu18HN22DVylcE7A	5	1	I live no where near this place & have gone out of my way to eat there MANY times! I haven't been since it moved (bc I had no idea where they went) but it looks like it's bigger so that's great. I even made it a point to take an out of town friend here. I don't know about the new place but the old place was kind of a hole in the wall diner feel (in a good way). It can get really busy at lunch, so I don't recommend it for a lunch break from work. I did that once, and got in and out just fine, but it's a lot more fun without the time crunch. Everything is delicious, but the mini red velvet cupcake is always a must!
bziSuhgla3vMf8qxcB2PeA	-Y2rZMPttQqKXD_XJPQerA	2	0	I'm generally very fond of Rubio's, but this location just isn't up to snuff. The food is good, but somehow not quite as good as other locations (it doesn't seem as fresh). The restaurant isn't as clean as it should be, the tables are always kind of sticky, and the restroom... well, it smells like swamp gas (and not just once). Also some of the seats are town and have been "repaired" with large amounts of tape (the tape is worn and sticky and if you're a dude wearing shorts, it will pull the hair right off your leg!) ...To be fair, I guess it could pull the hair off a non-dude's leg too, but let's just not go there.
_yhmq8UKS_qihUbVzc3MBQ	Mb46iSlA4qmTwXf-WrqtQA	5	3	Quick update for Mama Java's since we had the Yelp Office Hours there last week... we lucked out and were able to take over the couch / chairs to the right when you walk in the door.  It worked out perfectly!  Even though I hadn't been in to MJ in a couple of months, Jensy remembered that I drank a soy latte - incredible!  I felt so special (almost like a regular) when I walked in and she greeted me and asked if I wanted a soy latte!  I did, and it was just as good as last time!The atmosphere provided the perfect place for the yelpers to come and go, chat, etc... I think everyone felt comfortable and welcome.  Thanks again to all of you who came by to visit!  Looking forward to the next time... Lastly, MJ created a yelper special of the day... the "hold me closer tiny yelper' which i believe was a vanilla cinnamon latte.  Now if that didn't make us feel special, what does?!
-ktx8fqFn5QuAoU9lIV4Aw	mW1gB2DmBe__AEVgCoTgjw	2	0	Went downhill. Not clean and the food isn't what it used to be.
9QZCngJhrRZJv6Iee1Jj3A	2ceeU8e3nZjaPfGmLwh4kg	4	1	great beer, great food, great prices and it's haunted!!!
QZlnTcNHSKiTVKNfFpbajg	53YGfwmbW73JhFiemNeyzQ	5	0	It's been a while since I was in Arizona, but I still remember the Olive and Ivy.  I was in Phoenix on a business trip and went out for dinner at this place with a bunch of work people based on a recommendation from a local.  We were not disappointed.  Firstly I want to say that the decor and outdoor area in this place is just fabulous.  We sat outside and enjoyed a delicious meal.  The staff were professional, welcoming and accommodating.  I enjoyed the experience so much that I brought the gf along for dinner when she arrived that weekend.  Both times I was extremely pleased with the food, drink, level of service and the ambience of the place.  5-stars for mine.
ruGmXKpLqTj_mTNeiv1rcw	NBwPgX7L2D-EZedgo3A-pw	5	1	Great little hole in the wall with authentic New Mexican food.  Chili Relleno was awesome, and the red and green chile was flavorful and spicy.  Rice and beans were good and the sopapilla was delicious. Atmosphere was cozy.  If you want real red and green chile vs. sauce this is the place.
NVw77_A30sALPJAniEYrPQ	3n9mSKySEv3G03YjcU-YOQ	5	2	This is one of my favorite places to go in Phoenix!! I love the $5 wine glasses during happy hour!! The bruschetta is out of this world!! The sundae with salted caramel and pretzels is probably one of the BEST things I have ever eaten!! :o)
A8krd18p9ujOg1H7beHzBw	qW9UysjJw3y3CwEbzruEEw	4	7	Right around the corner from my sister's ghetto-tastic shack, this place is bomb. Green chile tostada...hell yes! The place is not much to look at from the outside, not much to savor on the inside, but the only people hanging out here are Chandler High kids escaping 4th period. You stand in line, you get your paper bag of greasy goodness, you leave with a smile on your face. You hope your sister has beer in the fridge when you get back to her place.
agWENQvyoHf3w-k5uu_3RA	Cse5FvYuACIxljwaac2SZg	4	3	Another new great place in the Arcadia neighborhood  to grab some great food and select a drink from the extensive beer and wine list.  I think there were over 60 beers and 40 wines to choose from.  I thoroughly enjoyed the tomato and candied pancetta bruschetta and the lamb kefta...yummy!  Definitely check this place out when the weather is cooler and you can enjoy the view of Camelback Mountain from the patio.
mSaa0X25WDBQYj5faxX1zw	YEQkTCmphjr6XKPh4m93AQ	4	1	While I'm a sushi fan, my husband is a sushi FIEND - we made biweekly trips to his favorite haunt in NYC (Monster Sushi) and if he was on his own for dinner, I could always count on him to be there for a bite.  After relocating to Phoenix, he'd been jonesing hardcore for non-commercial, non-fussy sushi in epic proportions served with a smile.  Our trusted source told us that Kyoto was their favorite and we had to indulge.  The mixed views on Yelp made be a tad nervous, but I like to give places an unbiased chance.  Very glad that I did.The interior of the place is a little strange given the shape of the restaurant and lack of windows, but we made ourselves cozy in a table next to the sushi bar.  I also did not notice a pre-club atmosphere - it was chill the night we went, but maybe it was because we went after work (which is probably on the earlier side for the see and be seens).No teppan for us that night - it was all about the sushi.  We started with a pleasantly savory miso soup, flavorful seaweed salad and moist, tender tako (octopus) salad.  Next was my favorite dish of the night (and no, not traditional for sushi, but whatever) - a peppered, seared tuna with onion sauce.  Divine!  I could have had three plates of this and called it a day.  Most of the folks in our party ordered rather classic rolls, while I ordered an additional three specialty rolls (Candy Cane, Ichi and Shrimp Tempura - I love to crunch it out).  The rolls were so HUGE we struggled to eat it all.  Keep in mind that those specialty rolls are massive, particularly the Ichi (should have been called Ichi the Killer Roll) which you could barely eat with chopsticks.  I was a mess of dungeoness crab and spicy tuna by the end of the night, but I was happy.Price was absolutely fair for the quality of the food - there are many (MANY) overprices sushi places in Scottsdale and many dirt cheap places in the valley.  This one charges fairly and keeps the quality up.  I don't ever mind paying if it's worth it.Will most definitely come back and hopefully take in some teppan next time :)
xcJoN7KOPVKtLTD3p_Eduw	LzNJLEIo4gh-X_rmDkNkNg	4	3	As you may have read in a previous review, so graciously provided by Dally, that Four Peaks is our post-Tuesday night hockey watering hole. We normally show up stinky and limping or in some sour mood or another. Somehow we always leave a little happier, but still limping, well I do anyway. Unfailingly, we are greeted by the bouncer, who no longer cares to see our ID's, either because he can see the age in our strides or because he knows us now. I would like to believe the latter. Also, waiting for us is the lovely and nicht so talented Karina. Bless her poor soul for putting up with our asinine questions about her life and our requests for more water. She humors us anyway. We are made to feel like this place is home, at least for a couple of hours on a Tuesday night. Karina knows what we order for drinks and never has to ask, just brings. I usually switch between a simple salad with a great balsamic vinaigrette or a plate of fries. I know, diametrically opposed. Just depends on the mood and how committed I am that day/week to my diet. I always get the 8th St Ale though. It is very good and for 3 bucks can't be beat. I have enjoyed the pretzels, the now "famous" nachos, with chicken mind you, the spinach-artichoke dip, some of the various wing flavors, and a pizza. For late night dining they are all very palatable.  I have a funny wing story, but I think it is only funny to me, Dallas, Z, and our friend Peter.  If we ever get the elusive Z to join, I will make sure he shares his story on here.Until then, check out Four Peaks in Scottsdale.  The late night menu satisfies and is not hard on the wallet.  Tell Karina Brad sent you.  You won't get a discount, maybe just a laugh.
lkCq9JaJDMYA3DP3pA7lFw	o1GIYYZJjM6nM03fQs_uEQ	4	3	I love the Salt Cellar for being the lazy woman's go-to place for seafood.  If you get lobster or crab from them, the waitress will crack and de-shell it for you; it's such a great service since a lot of the time I am hesitant to get any kind of crustacean because I don't like getting messy and spending all that time getting the meat out of the shell.  The lobster here, while technically from Maine, is flown in fresh from Boston, and they offer 1.25 lb, 3 lb, and occasionally a showcase jumbo lobster.  When I went here they were touting an 8 lb lobster for those with the stomach (and coin) to spend a pretty penny on the Yao Ming of lobsters.While the sides are very basic, the seafood is understandably the real star of the show.  While I was happy with my fresh lobster, I did try some salmon wellington, which was some of the best tasting salmon I've had in some time.  It was very tender and moist, and very fresh.  I'm also happy to report that they have soft shell crabs here this season, which is one of my favorite seafood items.The ambiance itself, for me at least, is a bit lacking.  They don't call it the Salt Cellar for nothing, for when you descend into the restaurant through a flight of stairs, it's very dark and a bit damp and chilly.  The lighting for me is too yellow for me, and everything in general seems antiquated.  I remember eating here years and years ago, and it seems like they haven't changed anything about the decor since then!
1XLHHwLYDnQnLhMfBP5x4Q	3OauvrqUU8nDLWcW6q9hGQ	3	1	Could be because I've never met a bowl of pho I didn't like, but I could slurp this stuff up all day.  Viet Kitchen does a decent job with their pho; the broth is so delicious and soothing. I have only ever gotten pho at all the Vietnamese restaurants I've been to, and here's what I didn't like about Viet Kitchen's: the chicken is somewhat dry and tasteless.  The broth has a ton of flavor, so when you eat a piece of chicken with the broth it is fine. But to eat it alone, is way too plain. All they need to do is season it up a bit before cooking it. Also, the spring rolls were very fresh and great dipped in the sauce. Without the sauce, they would have been a bit dry, too. Overall, this is my go-to place for pho since it is so close to my house.
ixloXRCwqDx9pIWuiXhdpQ	uFR7CpDJlW-gNdmk-zhIGw	5	0	I don't love the coffee at Starbucks, but this place is getting 5 stars for their service! They are quick, ACCURATE, friendly, and they always remember my drink even though I only go there about once a week! Amazing! The staff is great and I thought I should leave them a nice little "Good Job" on Yelp!
sDTYQmj4KOfLCUDc6SBgpw	bgTB6MgdVQssXhkNJ7qIfw	5	3	This place was incredible.  The staff was friendly, not pretentious, and very knowledgable. I don't know what it was called, but our group ordered a tray which was a sampler platter and had a bit of everything on it.  So fresh!  We also tried the sushi with the caviar on top.  Try the sake that they recommend (flown in from Japan - they are the only ones in PHX that carry it).  I'm not a sake fan but I loved it.  That's how good it was.
nW-rY1EgvzNFYHJCDDmCow	yGmdo1ENajB98iryHGoWFw	5	1	Monkey Pants has some of the best burgers in AZ.  Great place for a long lazy lunch over some pitchers.  I think one month my friends and I went there like 20 times for lunch.  Never got sick of it.  It's a dive bar, but it's a cool dive bar.
HNinCPxgoNU_whrdpZOYRQ	di2QHs2SrY0XFHcfAq_k2A	4	0	The Corner Bakery was A-Ok! To me it seemed like an elevated Paradise/Panera. I had the Cobb Salad and it was perfectly chopped and dressed.  The desserts looked really good but a little on the pricey side for me to try that day. I'll be back because I really enjoyed the atmosphere and the great customer service.
Ej4huHvwrw4by7kTsXoWew	EWMwV5V9BxNs_U6nNVMeqw	2	6	The only thing I like about Fez are the pomegranate margaritas. Food could be better...
Gi-4O3EhE175vujbFGDIew	53YGfwmbW73JhFiemNeyzQ	1	1	If you like the stuck up Scottsdale vibe this is a good place for you. The food isn't impressive. Nice outdoor seating.
fJjsZ9zBb6rELpejWpLyDQ	3Zsjlum5kl5N5KV712aTMQ	5	0	This is my FAVORITE place to dine out in the greater Phoenix area. The food (I recommend the steaks) is almost as good as the view and the service is impeccable. My boyfriend took me here on a date a year ago, and it was definitely one of the most romantic restaurants we have found in Phoenix yet. The prices are a little high ($25 - $40 per entree), but it's well worth it and you won't leave disappointed. If you like American or French food (who doesn't?) and have a special occasion or just feel like doing something different, I highly recommend Different Pointe of View to everyone!
ly8U_mWxJ1kUX2HbgLIudQ	2VpSPb8IVXNqyVY5n7caGg	3	0	Well....it is what you can expect from airport food.  Not that great but not terrible.  All I wanted was a simple sandwhich to take on the plane with me.  This airport does not have the best in choices, Starbucks, Wendys, Pizza Hut, etc.  This little place is literally a kiosk in terminal C.  It is good if you are in a rush and just want something cold for later.
Lgn1k3g1CE044i1rMJD4Sg	WaO_hAunQrZ--vI308rHQA	5	0	Dropped into this joint just wandering around Old Town Scottsdale. Ordered the nachos and had a couple margs. WOW. The staff was friendly, have a great sense of humor (you gotta see the posted picture joke in person), and the food is...beyond good. Having only sampled the uber nacho plate, which is by the way, as big as a platter and slathered in layers of ooey gooey cheesy goodness, I can definitively say: Best. Ever. I give this place the highest marks for "doesn't suck"
2zJjXsb6wYQ239KpKabC1w	ChmqODwuYP1ewjmWXtxtsg	4	3	My previous review has the real details about what i LOVE about their food!Update:  Doing mostly take-out here, but at least one of the grumpy girls is more friendly now!  Yesterday when I grabbed our to-go order, she smiled, made small conversation, and did not exude a sullen disposition in any way.  I'm happy for me, I'm happy for her!Ordered many of our usual items, plus Mongolian beef, which was very tasty. I'm stil partial to the Ginger beef, however.
eCDqROlxiUB6Njw-Nup4Tg	6PFPQeCM-XDrZRy0DHV2Yw	4	0	This is a very good Chinese restaurant, we have gone there for years. I am shocked by the bad reviews and would suggest you ignore them, this is good Chinese food!
ki2Lnci73UvAmuj9Pu7kGg	fd0iSXEhwz-foQdS8SCKYA	2	3	I received a buy one entree, get one free coupon for joining their fan club membership so my son and I went this morning for breakfast. Got there around 9am. Greeted and seated immediately in a nice booth. Waitress was quite knowledgeable and took our order after giving us time to peruse the menu. I ordered the Country fried steak and eggs which comes with OJ, country potatoes and toast as did my sons breakfast which he ordered the standard bacon and eggs with an extra egg. We both agreed that the breakfast was OK, both our potato sides were cold. I had a small thick dollop of gravy on my country fried steak, which was quite good but had to ask for extra gravy. Put in a serving bowl it was so thick it wouldn't pour so I used a spoon. I spread it on my Country fried steak with a butter knife much like you would a piece of toast. Weird! Watch out for the coffee. If you are offered flavored coffee it is extra. Hidden charges for everything. In other words, even with the coupon the total came to almost $20.00. for 2 average breakfasts. (tip, cancer donation, etc.) I had to do a double take on the check to see if they included the coupon. Nothing really bad but nothing really good either. I should have known better! Probably not coming back. My son seconds the motion.
CT7j5_WvUtIlMX7PfxJTdQ	18TUn9oiW0k0yB6lheiOvw	5	0	This is by far the best Chicken Fried Steak around!  Not to mention their mashed potatoe's, salad and biscuit!  I've never been able to clean my plate here, which is great since I always have an extra meal!   Of course you can always get the lunch portion which is smaller, but then you don't have the extra goodies for later!  It's a small down home place, dress comfy and go there to eat up!  The wait staff is always the best and they know their stuff!  I've had their T-Bone here, and it's good, but really hard to go there and not get what made them famous!  Wonderful food!Prices for lunch are around $7.00 and dinner around $12.00 - really hard to beat for real down home cooking!
oet4Ii22WUMa2kw8REVo1w	r4AG1WXCRWkZKQctrcy9FA	4	0	took my wife there last week. it is a really good. the food was great and the decor was really cool and the staff was very helpful and  nice.
l7L95_bLqKhPCrTWo9aVRQ	6v0vQm3wXzaFoEywvpbnqg	4	3	While in the area we wanted something for lunch but knew we'd be having dinner out that same evening. Not wanting to fill up too much we ordered an appetizer and entree to share. The lettuce wraps with shrimp were so good! Fresh and crispy veggies accompanied seasoned shrimp all wrapped in butter lettuce leaves. It was light and tasty. For our entree we ordered the Hawaiian mahi mahi which came with a pineapple, red pepper and onion mixture over a bed of rice. The fish was a little overcooked but still tasted pretty good. Star for the water glass test!
Uzisz3l_LnK-kF34CDq5Nw	Xk3inJcuBGLhavUcdlINZA	5	0	I ate here once while Crudo was still in its Scottsdale location.  And I raved about it and vowed to come back (although the strange location in a salon delayed that return).  Then Crudo disappeared.  And I wondered how a place that fed me one of my best meals in Phoenix could disappear in a town supposedly full of foodies.  Now it has reappeared, and in a better location.  Oh joy.
VzDUUDDRnuaWq1bVy6_Fwg	FuqWdD44gYFhofESN6JD1A	4	1	Jesse and I had a lovely evening out- we had great dishes and the owner was our server as well. He belts out a lovely Italian birthday song while playing the guitar. Very nice
WLKcLVYCXduMlWJT6uW4rQ	FURgKkRFtMK5yKbjYZVVwA	5	1	What a place!  I recently hosted a 25-person family party there, and both the food and service were impeccable.  The staff were all very friendly and accommodating, even with the dozen children we had in the group.  Leslie was the manager and she paid attention to every last detail, helping me to plan the menu and gauge food quantities for that many people.  The restaurant itself was spotless, from the outside patio down to the restrooms.  Thanks for making our family event such a wonderful success.  Everyone left full and happy.  We will definitely be back!!
EQZjeyvQRe0xnEYcV_eK0A	8t80-omyflkywRfu9LPh6g	2	5	2.5, just not enough to give it three. Food was just OK and they ran out of ahi tuna by 9pm! They have happy hour all night (pretty good specials too) but they close SO early (10pm last call on Sunday)!
rgkkCRoODa2FfBwBSHd7SQ	q9WaFYhlOZCrfXJQTG5t_Q	2	2	To sum it up, this place was just not the place for me. Maybe I am just a fuddy duddy, but it seems that the clientele are cougar-like women, aged 30-50, with bleached hair and sequin tops. I expected a quiet wine bar, but instead it is more like a loud night club.The hubby and I visited The Living Room on a Saturday night, so maybe the whole "we-wish-we-were-a-club" thing was just a once a week occurrence, and maybe, just maybe, I am totally un-cool, but we don't plan to return.Food: Wine specials were fairly decent and priced well. Food was average (3 stars). We had a variety of bruschetta, a tuna salad and a strawberry salad - way too much dressing on both salads. Service: It took a long time to get a table (~30 mins), but it was Saturday night and crowded, so expected. Once seated, our waitress seemed more concerned with anything other than serving us. She was not very attentive at all. She asked for my order and walked away. My husband was like "uh, I kind of want to order too"Atmosphere: The overall look and feel of the place is pretty neat. It is a smaller restaurant with lots of patio/outdoor seating. Decor is large heavy curtains and many couches, thus the name The Living Room. However, as I mentioned earlier, the music was ridiculously loud. They had a DJ playing music so loud, having a conversation was impossible (and we ended up sitting pretty far from the speakers!). We left a soon as we finished our dinners (didn't stay for more wine or dessert) because the music was just too annoying.
NT37ZZQBZkL0aI2dzDfUkw	KV-yJLmlODfUG1Mkds6kYw	5	0	Oh my God, Chompie's is the bomb and I'm so happy to have a location so close to my house!While this location has a steady customer base, I have never had to wait longer then five minutes to be seated, unlike the other location at 92nd Street, Win! Service has always been fantastic. Quick on to seat, quick to get drinks, quick on refills, and delicious food from breakfast to dinner items. As other reviewers have stated, the Jewish sliders are amazing, but I have also enjoyed different wraps and sandwiches. Prices are a little higher, but the food is well worth the money. There is a "bar area" with about six stools and two TV's that you are able to see from your tables/booths which usually has ESPN on. The restaurant itself is all decked out in a NYC theme, well lit, but the acoustics aren't that great so it can get a little noisy. Bathrooms are nice and always clean. Oh, and don't forget to check out their bakery for delicious goodies to take home!
WLZ98oKtIHJT9CfF7LrxbQ	1CNKe3H07sLu6rigOpAYsg	2	4	Drinking + Arcade Games. This should be an obvious winner, right? Wrong.Oh, how wrong. Eating here is like eating in a casino, only less classy and with worse food. Beers are overpriced but absolutely necessary to make it through the event. Those combo deals that include beers and a game card seem like a good idea, until it's 45 minutes later, you're out of points, you're nowhere near drunk and you've already spent $40.If you go late, try not to get syphilis when you walk by San Felipe's.
lE9cfDT-KpXPK8groYpYKQ	Bjt3rB73dvSDe1XEPEWc6w	5	0	Great sushi place!  Ample portions of sashimi.  Unagi is the best I've had.  And don't forget the Tako salad.  The atmosphere is okay.  It's not bad, but not exactly cool.  Of course, if it were 4 miles south (in Old Town Scottsdale), you'd never get a table.
przKjmzv7o3guyLstuDJmg	XWpkTxBLgRXxl7g2Hw62Qg	5	1	Careful! You'll get addicted.Angel Sweet is the best gelato this side of Italy.The pana cotta and zupa flavors are to die for. Don't settle for just one either, you can get as many flavors as will fit in your cup!
f08dCX8AguuKrYEmAfeK1Q	bNu-PVXtfyLE6A1qv9bDcA	5	0	I can't believe I hadn't been here before yesterday!  Talk about a hidden gem!  I was taking a friend around to cross stuff off her "List of Stuff to do Before the World Ends" and smoking a hookah happened to be on it.  Therefore I googled places nearby us and Oasis popped up.As soon as we got there the guy at the door welcomed us in with a smile and opened the door for us and once inside the waitress/bartender helped us pick a table and took our drink orders.  We decided to get the peach hookah and an order of the Hummus and Pita Deluxe with beef.  The food was delicious and the hookah was great!  The staff was awesome the entire night as well.  Everyone kept checking on us to see if we needed anything and they would just stop and chat with us as well.  One guy was even helping my friend try to make smoke circles!  I definitely love that they're open until 4 am on Fridays and Saturdays too because it's always nice to have somewhere to wind down after all the bars close!
v8rGYASn4jSu8qn_Wevx6g	Fo5O94HccxE4PvMQf-G_vQ	4	6	I've been two Pie-Zanos twice now and I think my wife did the best job of describing the format of this unique dining experience:  Subway for Pizza.  Of course, this is not to imply that Pie-Zanos is staffed by mouth-breathing "pizza artists" or stocked with sub-par ingredients and generally filthy.  On the contrary, this "Subway of Pizza" is staffed by congenial and hip 20-30 somethings who are eager to please by heaping  tons of fresh and flavorful ingredients  onto your individual personalized pizza. Pie-Zanos allows you to pick from wheat or white dough and from up to 8 different sauces.  From there you can add herbs and crust flavoring and then you can pick from 6-8 different cheeses.  Then you select from the widest selection of pizza toppings you'll find anywhere.   The fare is basically affordable as long as you don't go apeshit on toppings (55 cents each after the first).   As a special bonus they have Pepsi products.   I have also enjoyed the breadshits which are fresh and delightful and pair nicely with the traditional red marinara as well as the tomato-pesto. My only complaints with Pie-Zanos and what keeps it from achieving 5 stars is how busy it gets at lunch, limited indoor seating and the fact that they allow children's birthday parties which, when mixed with ubiquitous bad parenting, quickly turns a hip and snazzy pizza joint into a Chuck-E-Cheese's.
aDNa_XOJlqE7MlPWpW8O4w	R6aazv8FB-6BeanY3ag8kw	2	3	The ice cream floats were great! I know because we ordered 5 of them! The food on the other hand was not so good. We ordered the kids cheese pizza, grilled cheese sandwiches, pastrami, pastrami ruben and a cheese burger. The pizza was not edible (too hard). For the price of the entrees, it would have been nice to offer fries or fruit instead of chips or lower the price. The staff was attentive and nice!The atmosphere was great for playing I spy.Would visit again but only for soda and ice cream floats.
4hYFxePCgQTbM1l2ZTjgfw	jh9NywTvV-POnF1I6Pc9ng	4	1	Alright, well seeing as I work right next door, my mouth has been watering over this place ever since I laid eyes upon the menu. And tonight, we finally had some yummy Rumbi take-out.First things first: they're a little pricey, at first glance. However, their portions are *enormous*. Each of us ordered a full size bowl(Honey Orange Shrimp for me, Jamaican Jerk Kalua Pork for Jamie, Honey Orange Kalua Pork and Teriyaki Chicken for Jamie's parents). The full size bowls were more than enough to last the average person through dinner, and then through lunch the next day; packed full of rice/noodles, meat, and veggies, with each bowl containing a ramekin of sweet teriyaki sauce.The shrimp in my bowl was perfectly tender and succulent, the Honey Orange sauce sweet, but not cloyingly so. The bowl came with a lime wedge, which added the perfect zing to the mellow coconut "Rumbi rice".We also ordered some of their Bahama Mama's Tortilla Soup, which was a creamy coconut-based broth filled with chunks of grilled chicken, tortilla strips, and melty mozzarella. It was a good, cozy soup, but could have benefited from more depth--some tang, some spice, something.For dessert, we had some of Rumbi's Key lime pie--moist, rich, and delectably sweet with a lovely measure of sour. Only complaint? The graham cracker crust was too mushy, soft, and crumbly; it would have been much better with a crispy bed under the pillowy-ness of the Key lime filling.All in all? Great place with reasonable prices, given their generous portions. They have a TON of salad options, as well, each more inventive than the last, and I'll be returning to try and test each one :)
Kibj2ajzr5yyNrEkpIk_BQ	IVc23uY-36WUNYoIbz42Fg	4	5	I absolutely love the atmosphere and vibe of Switch.  I've been there 3 times, once for a latenight snack (before they were serving alcohol) and twice for breakfast.  My favorite thing about it is that I feel completely comfortable going by myself with a book and lingering over breakfast and coffee.Service is always very quick and super friendly, and prices are good.  Unfortunately, as much as I love GOING to switch, I have to be honest and say I haven't been wowed by the food so far, although I still need to try lunch/dinner.  Food's not bad, not at all, just nothing spectacular.Having said that though, I'll still go back often!
ct98FQE43aU5RqHxVLXMHA	_dVPzYGXKNg2rIsc40VtyA	1	4	This Jack in the Box location has the worst service & food that I have found in the Phoenix metro area. Every time I have gone through the drive through there my order has either been wrong or inedible - how hard is it to make a taco without frying it into oblivion? The wait times are consistently more than 5 minutes...I think I will be spending that 5 minutes driving to another location, just to get the correct order & food that is properly prepared.
GH69vvp-BOEcOh8r-Hvd0A	IuAPYzf3NSyfyXYgT46YVA	5	4	My meal at FnB last weekend was one of the best I've had in Arizona. I love everything about this place, the food, the cocktails, the staff, the atmosphere.It was a rainy Sunday. I knew the restaurant was right next to Cowboy Ciao, but managed to walk right by it (my friends noticed me go by). I turned back, and Pavle was nice enough to wait at the door, and said "Ben?" as I was about to pass by again. I agree with what everyone else said here, Pavle really makes you feel at home.I started with the slivered fennel salad and a ginhound. I split the order with a friend, and they were more than happy to bring the salad split  onto two plates for us. I love citrus, and these were a very refreshing start to my meal. Next up was the trout. It was presented stacked on top of the sunchokes and caramelized onions, with some wonderful broth on the plate. The combination of flavors was rich, and amazing, and the presentation ensured that every bite was as good as the last. I could eat this every visit, but I sampled the chicken and lamb, and was just as blown away. For desert I had lemon cake with ice cream and strawberry compote. FnB has been receiving a lot of positive buzz lately. It's well deserved. If you haven't visited yet, you're missing out.
2pOUXf6XDO8a3uy2CjZ5tg	aRkYtXfmEKYG-eTDf_qUsw	4	1	Stopped in with my two yr old granddaughter today after going to the children's museum, got some raised eyebrows when the cool people  saw the kid but whatever I had to have one of there dirty chai's. Good as usual and the kiddo had a cupcake she thoroughly enjoyed on the drive home.
rqVuVVQezQ6S_Fzaxf4Y6g	fPExBO1aXA5c4uwlHFyx2Q	4	2	One of my lunchtime favorites -- a great bar menu under $10 (steak, shrimp, Italian sausage, etc) with good quality food and prompt service. Fun place to have drinks at happy hour. Plus, they have a nice traditional dining room for dinner. The bar area is always DARK (how it should be).
XDPXwd7STgbIPP4qAiEngw	gHKB66up5VluCWT4vuSZpw	5	0	Best Italian restaurant in the valley, as far as I'm concerned. Totally unassuming from the outside since it's in a strip center on 64th St. & Greenway (in the same center as Fry's and McDonalds). But this family run restaurant that has been here for years. Same friendly staff every time...especially love being in the bar area. A little on the pricey side, but definitely worth it. Must try the ravioli (either as an appetizer or main dish) and chicken Marsala with fettuccine Alfredo on the side. All entrees come with soup or salad.
dW_qFUfUZpv3cp5DqfvKcA	po5FyERB4lUZNnBIwnhFlg	5	1	Yelpers,  have a question. If menus and prices vary by location, help this CA transplant figure out the best ones to try! Thanks, I've heard such good things about Sonic but have only been to the Anaheim and Hemet, CA ones while visiting.
HZ4X7H0udSHqIHRUsjtHag	WM8sy8FjrU3PpxN_NI02ZA	3	0	Descent food, of course it's not autentico. Free chips, salsa, & wifi though.
Rymd7AkDJPKevlqmPPMYOA	YQvg0JCGRFUkb6reMMf3Iw	4	0	Scale of 1-10 (single visit):8 Food9 Service9 Atmosphere7 Value
0nc87fm121sNx3-H5htBUg	CNvPqN9pa5aJRn-Npcqgdg	4	0	Cheesy, beefy, greasy GREATNESS.   The burgers are made as you watch..  Sit at the bar and watch the grill cook (who also is the server, bartender, and cashier)  grab a nice fat ball of ground and pound it out on the grill to make your one of a kind patty.  NEXT comes the wine onto the grill and the patty... which gives the place it's name.  Finish it off with a fat layers of veggis.Pair this with some jalapeno bottle caps and a pint of draft, and your in BUSINESS!!!Don't mind the dingy early 70s decor....it is character.The only negative...you will be jogging for weeks to drop those calories...a very guilty pleasure.
0XLDiFIZcO-Gm-Pv2smoSQ	NN2qs5B713vM6BDcMyrg4A	2	2	My bf and I drove in from "the city" lol and met some friends here for brunch.  We didnt have to wait long to get seated which was great.  The waitress came and took our drink order and right away she didnt seem too thrilled.  So I ordered an omelet and asked for turkey sausage instead of the toast or pancakes it came with, she looked at me like I was asking for a cure to cancer and proceeded to tell me that I would have to be charged full-price.  Well duh, I kinda figured and since I asked it was probably ok.  Needless to say, we waited 30 mins to get our food, which we had to ask her for.  My omelet was cold, I didnt get the turkey sausage I had ordered but she did add it to the check.  Thank god we had a groupon or else it would have been a total loss.  The Breakfast Club in Old Town is better!
VYMhaQ4y3ZIjii43ntmdsA	EKzMHI1tip8rC1-ZAy64yg	3	1	While throwing a small get together, we were able to have a back patio with a buffet style table set up with some pretty tasty appetizers.  The chicken sqewers were delicious and smoked salmon was also tasty but something seemed to lack.  At the end of the day it was good and I wouldn't hesitate to go back, but nothing to make me a raving fan.
PUi38ibCuXQ9XGtZTsEMFQ	DuaoskPAVBV55px_cwxIVw	3	0	E-Z Buffet is a Chinese buffet that recently opened in my neighborhood.  It was about $10 for dinner .  The place had a bunch of tables so seating was easy.   You can also get take out.They have a lot of food to choose from, typical Chinese fare plus sushi, fried chicken wings, roast beef, salad fixings, pudding & fruit.  They also had ice cream for desert, not soft serve but hard ice cream.  I like the General Tso's Chicken, Scallion Pork and their freshly steamed green beans.  I loved their rocky road ice cream. The wait staff was prompt and friendly.  I really liked that.This place is worth trying.  If you go please write a review.  I'd love to know what others think.
5Pc6vYDAD_apWMAT1mpjGQ	OmJ283Un9mAbr_gc7v4N4A	4	1	I have stopped in here for lunch and drinks a few times now. The teriyaki beef/chicken and bulgolgi have great flavor (I prefer the spicy versions). Their bowl meals come with plenty of meat and rice, while the bento meals also come with macaroni and slaw. These are affordable dishes and excellent for a lunch of easy take-out dinner. In addition, the meals are big enough that two people could split one.The other item that I really like here is the boba. The milk tea and Thai iced tea both have a nice tea flavor and are not overly sweet like some places. Hence, it's also a nice place to pass by for a drink.
qh4NX1gErJDLdnauYpUS6Q	aBjWR-Mol58GMsRAdz2Tjw	4	1	It's like Paradise Bakery but with a more diverse and far better menu.
ml6v9xaaZEDoDrD8xQakIg	N1Dq9PyY1jDQdZcX4u8oFg	4	0	AMAZING!  This is the first time I ever got what I ordered!!!!!  140 degree grande peppermint latte!  WOWZA!  YIPPEE!  Though the staff did not seemed thrilled to be there or had any sort of personality-it didn't matter because my drink was perfect:)  FYI-this was the location outside of the B security check-point.
DulkTT5d5KcSqYZAObP4-w	oxsCvEkQNNIbOPDt_QK_0A	4	3	I had to chime in for JOT-C (yep, that's what I call it) because I know it very well, and it's gotten an unjustified bad rap from other Yelpers so far. I've eaten here for over a decade. I've brought friends, college classmates, relatives, and dates here. I lost my dad 3 years ago and I have fond memories of dining here with him. I distinctly remember spilling a Coke all over myself the first time I brought him here. I also remember coming here on my very last day of law school, with a bunch of classmates from Employment Law. The folks here have seen their share of special occasions in my life. Wouldn't be true if this were truly just a 2 star experience. I don't think it's fair to nail a restaurant with a bad review based on only a single visit, in most circumstances. Restaurants are run by humans, who are allowed to have a bad day now and then. I've eaten here a billion times. Occasionally something has annoyed me. Most of the time the service is prompt. And those things are true of every restaurant I've ever frequented more than once. At JOTC, even if it's not prompt, it has not even once been unfriendly. There is an elderly gentleman waiter in particular who I especially like. A non-Indian friend I came here with once asked him, "So, what part of India are you from?" The waiter look back puzzled and said in his typically mild and hushed manner, "Sir, I am from Mexico City." We LOL'd. It's #2 on my list of Indian restaurants in the Valley, which is pretty good. Since Tandoori Times is so close by it almost always wins out on a given night, over the past year or so. But the fact remains that JOTC is solidly #2. The food is good, by my Indian standards. Samosas: awesome. Chicken tikka masala: very good. I tried the bhindi masala once and that didn't turn out too well. A unique JOTC feature is that dishes are served in very cute, traditional-looking, brass or copper Indian pots. Little details like that lead me to say that the decor and atmosphere here probably beat out Tandoori Times and every other Indian place. Simple but elegant, with old Indian art on the walls and cool room dividers thoughtfully placed throughout. The outdoor seating is very pleasant, with heaters to warm you up during winter. The location only adds to the reason to eat here. It's in a cool space next to the Scottsdale Civic Center, a few yards away from AZ 88. It's a solid place to come with a group to eat, drink, and enjoy some good conversation.JOTC doesn't blow me away (thus only 4 stars), but it needs to be said that if you live in the Valley it is worth at least one visit if you like Indian food, which you wouldn't be able to tell from the other reviews. Judge for yourself.
H5O3O191XcJWc3Vys4hIiQ	LMjl-bvnCZKhMrc2OT9ptg	5	2	This place has the best wraps I've ever had.  The smoothie's are good as well, but I go here because of the wraps.
dI0OhAIYgWjkO_EwI1qL9Q	Xq1FtLSV54Spf-HfONc1aA	5	0	I stopped by a Friday morning a few months past and have been meaning to write a review. I've had donuts since then from other donut shops, but none compare to Bosa. The price and quality at Bosa are far superior to all others. You can't go wrong with the donut holes.
azyMLujqH6LgAYZwRC90JA	UeWr0eT1KEoMSYwf0vXIKw	5	0	One of my favorite places to eat if I'm looking for cheap and fast :)
N4dWz-SCUPan0eaNYzvVlw	JokKtdXU7zXHcr20Lrk29A	5	0	I love this place. Just to hang out on a Summer day on the patio and have a beer is like...the perfect day. The food is awesome. The Kilt Lifter is tasty and thirst quenching. The area is definitely lucky to have such a place.
imuDixqyVx3hZc6VSM0f3A	TqHTtjPANCBKGsjGBjDoQQ	3	0	Yelp pointed me to this place while on a business trip-- looking for good pizza in the area.  Kind of a mixed result.  The restaurant is located in a strip mall, sort of hidden in one of the back corners.  Walk in thinking fast food, but turns out it's sit down.  Why does it seem all the burger and pizza joints in this area are sit down-- odd...  Anyway, I got three slices.  Quality was ok-- a bit doughy and filling, I couldn't make it through all three.  Lots of free refills was a nice touch on a 105 degree day.  Staff were really friendly, and, oh yeah-- it was cheap!   Less than 6 bucks for more pizza than I could eat and bottomless coke.  So, great value, nice service, just ok pizza, though.
an5Jl49Z_dFDjxsL26s01w	9YUe5J_cPCBo_mL7-z9HCQ	4	0	Canteen is my new favorite happy hour spot. You can get two orders of wonderful pork and habanero tacos, two orders of their tender ribs, an order of quite good chips and guacamole and a couple of margaritas for around twenty bucks, it's amazing. Add in the cool atmosphere and HUGE selection of tequilas(all half off during happy hour) and you have a recipe for success. Canteen is a very welcome addition to Mill Ave, and while it can get very loud, you simply cannot go wrong during happy hour.
Xuw4BQM95mEm9Hy0Gl4MtA	erBoatMp1TFi_NPxTigp6w	2	1	This place is great - IF YOU LIKE TO BE IN A SNOBBY ENVIRONMENT!  There are not too many places that I've been to that are more hype than anything.  But this is one of them.  When you try to go to THE PINK TACO, it's impossible to find a parking space.  Once you make your way to the front, the hostess is always too busy texting her friends than interested in helping the customer!!  If you are lucky enough to find a seat at the bar, you better have a rolex watch on or you will not be served quickly.  Either that, or you better be a Hugh Heffner spouse.  I tried the burrito and was grossed out by how rubbery it was.
oQ3ZMhZD9C4VF6DKX3gkpg	PsKAMRgeydy54ytW8xWKCw	4	1	Okay, it almost seems a shame to burst the bubble of the positive reviews of this place, but I just have to. I'm not an Indian food expert, but I am a serious enthusiast and I've eaten at dozens of Indian places on three continents, not to mention my family being from the vicinity of that area of the world and therefore having grown up on curry and rice and all things spice.We went here for lunch yesterday (Sunday), thanks to a Yelp/Aloqa recommendation after we'd had a romp at Estrella Mountain Park and were starving. The place was almost deserted at 1pm, with only one other table occupied - fair enough. We went for the buffet. And I have to say, it was simply "okay". The buffet didn't have a particularly wide variety of stuff - several items were cheap regulars such as the saag and the dhal - spinach and lentils for the uninitiated. They did have aloo zucchini, never seen that before - tasted okay, about as good as I'd have been able to make it (and that's actually not a compliment). No lamb dishes - disappointing, but unfortunately this is also rare.Flavorwise, I found it boring and unspectacular. Saag is saag, tandoori chicken is tandoori chicken, except their chicken was very light on the tandoori smoke flavour. None of the food left the slight zing on my tongue that it should have. Rice was okay, but then you typically can't go wrong with cooking basmati (although another reviewer's mileage apparently differed on this count). We had our almost-3-year-old along and he did have a little rice, chicken and beef - it was his first real curry and thus a pretty substantial milestone for us. Then the wife went to get a little kheer and a gulab jamun ball. The kheer was watery but tasted okay - compared unfavourably to the sabudaana kheer at India Palace. The jamun ball was almost completely solid - you had to press real hard with a fork to cut it, normally they're nice and soft and soaked. However, another one I got was normal - so it was just the luck of the draw there. Beef curry was nice, although the first piece I ate was mainly fat - whatever, you get that and I don't mind it. The fried pakoras can normally be cut through with a fork. These you had to saw through with a knife - not great, chewy to the point of almost being crunchy. No samosas in the buffet. The naan was unusual. I've had a LOT of naan before and this stuff was the uncommon kind, not thick and pita-ey but instead a little more like a roti. It tasted very fresh - we had plain and also garlic - and the wife really liked it. Kid did too. I personally prefer the other sort of naan - softer and a little more substance to it, but this one had merit regardless. However, it took at least fifteen minutes after our food was served before the naan arrived.All up, middle of the road as far as I'm concerned, although the wife quite liked it. Note that this is for the buffet only - we did not have a-la-carte and perhaps the to-order cooked food may have tasted better. I've had better buffets - the best one in Phoenix west of the 17 IMO is India Palace - a wider variety, a lot busier (as a result, I'm sure) and more flavourful food. Admittedly, I haven't tried any other Indian places south of Bell but west of the 17 except for Sutra. Bell appears to have most of them?I would normally have given this place a flat three stars, but I'm going to give it an extra half and round up for a few reasons. Firstly, the waiter was real nice and very attentive - up to the standard of a typical US chain place, rather than the silent wanderers with the Easter Island statue facial expressions at other buffets who do no more than refill your water and clear your dirty dishes every fifteen minutes or so. He was asking us how we were doing, offered refills of my wife's iced tea at appropriate times etc. Spot on. Next, there's a buffet discount where all kids under 10 are $5 - however, we noticed that they appropriately knocked the price down to $3.50 for us, unbidden and I guess for the simple reason that he was set up in a high chair and obviously only ate 1/4 of a breakfast bowl worth of food in total. Third, the place had nice decor (although I was a bit concerned there were no tablecloths, with my kid banging his plastic sippy cup and spilling sh1t all over the tabletop) and thankfully they didn't have sh1tapple wudda-wudda-waa-waa pretentious bhangra muzak playing in a cheap attempt at making you feel like you're actually in India.I'd eat here again, but only if I'm in the area and DYING for Indian food. It simply didn't measure up, either buffet-wise or flavour-wise. For first-timers, I can see how they would have enjoyed the experience - clean seating area, Americanized flavours and a good waiter. My experience, however, has been burned in over almost four decades and I've kicked the tyres of more cuisines from this area of the world than I can recount, especially Indian. Three and a half, rounded up to four, Seacrest out.
H71I6Rjyaegqxwz81hJG8Q	sbsFamEj5wDxNAjUKrMcSw	3	1	I will say that the weakest link in this restaurant is the maturity of the staff.  We went for lunch and asked to sit on the patio.  Most of the people we're eating but then they sat a large group right next to us that only wanted to drink and smoke.  I know smoking it allowed on the patio but since it wasn't the only table available AND the rest of us we're eating food I think they should have sat them a little farther away from us.Our order wasn't right but couldn't get the server to come back so we just let it go.  The food was great!  Had a few items from the small plates and then we had the bacon grilled cheese and the chicken sandwich.  Both very good.  My biggest complaint is that we we're ignored unless we we're actively looking around for someone and then snagged someone as they walked by.  I will try again as this place is still trying to find its way but service needs to be stepped up for sure.
h5MjXLjDEwBh9_ZL3d5KNA	bZivzFTkkjNtUBSuMhoCtg	1	1	I used to go here at least 3 times a week for Happy hour.  The volcano chicken was my favorite meal.  However, the last time I was in there I had a cricket in my water.  I took a sip squeezed the lemon, and thought there was something wrong with the taste.  I checked and at first thought it was a lemon seed but no, sure enough it was a cricket (in which i took a picture).  The way this restaurant handled an insect in my water was repulsive.  One of the male bartenders came over and brought a new water saying, "It happens."  No, sorry that's disgusting.  If i hadn't been craving the volcano chicken I went there for I would have just left.  And then on top of getting a cricket in my water there's no discount or compensation off of my bill.
n1z0SyoHoPXBbJxOqSwtgw	xY1sPHTA2RGVFlh5tZhs9g	4	1	Perfect patio for a Saturday!This place walks a fine line between being too snooty and being just plain awesome.  I've had a couple of experiences here, and overall the food is really tasty.  I'm a fan of the gnocchi, even though it's a little different than traditional gnocchi.The location is great, as long as there isn't a douche bag convention going on, and as long as the bartenders and servers keep their positive attitudes, I think this place will be around for a while. Thanks!
dpnlV37wmNjA-0v9BP41Gw	VKNl2-aF4n1x7lPVyU-Mag	3	1	Met some friends here for happy hour the other day.  This is the old El Paso BBQ and they did a knockout job with the remodel. Great feel and warm colors to the place now.I had a couple of Coronas and some chips and guacamole.  The regular menu looks better than the happy hour menu and think I'll try them the next time for lunch or dinner.
T-KRbt7Hjct-CsB9ZUhrpA	k76odRRsXPErPzB0gjn-3g	3	0	Styles of pizza can be so different. I have a hard time comparing a place like Boombozz to Grimaldi's. At Grimaldi's, they refuse to carry ranch because they don't want people dipping their pizza in it. At Boombozz, they offer ranch as soon as they set down the pizza.So no, Boombozz is definitely not the best pizza that I've ever had, but for their style of pizza, they are pretty good. Think traditional Domino's/Papa John's type crust with stepped-up, unique toppings and sauce. My husband said the crust tasted like a cheesy breadstick, and I think that's a pretty accurate description. We got the D'Sienna with an interesting tomato cream sauce, spinach, and tomatoes. The low quality cheese detracted from it overall, but it was still much better than the pizza at Oregano's.Boombozz is relatively new to town, but they seem to know their crowd well. It was pretty busy when we visited midweek. Big menu, lots of drink specials, TVs everywhere, ample seating... everything a chain restaurant needs to succeed. I'm sure we'll be back when we're eating with finicky family members who are too scared to eat anything ethnic.
oVzrBaFvDRW-h9I3fxwfZQ	qNoNkF1yJctEs3t40VkX4w	5	0	My mom had purchased a Groupon for this place back in March and yesterday we were all deciding what sounded good for lunch. I suggested Mexican so then we were thinking which Mexican restaurant sounded good. (Living in AZ, you know there's MANY to choose from) So my mom suggested going to Blue Adobe so all of us headed there. My mom, my dad, my sister, my nephew, and I all thoroughly enjoyed our meals. I had the Triple Stack of New Mexican style Enchiladas. One shredded beef and two Carne Adovada. It was SO delicious! The red sauce at Blue Adobe is unparalleled and unlike any other. My dad had the Chorizo stuffed Chicken Breast and loved it. My mom had the seafood enchiladas with halibut salmon and shrimp and she inhaled those. And my sister had the Chile Rellenos and couldn't stop saying how tasty they were. And my 5 year old nephew loved his kids cheese enchilada. Our server was named Travis and he was great as well. Phenomenal service. Even if Travis had been sub-par, I would still give this place 5 Stars because that's just how good the food is.
TQ3whoVnYXdWmbA1hN8GTQ	lAGDe38li38fyf971CslFg	5	3	I totally love this place. It reminds me of the old school hardcore Chinese restaurant my parents used to take us when we were kids :D The decor is amazing- unlike more Chinese places in Phoenix. The walls are a teal blue, adorned with large carved pieces of artwork depicting scenes in China, golden dragons and more. The lights hanging from the ceiling are amazingly ornate. The place looks like its from a bygone era (doesn't help that its in a run down strip mall) but it is clean and charming inside.The service was great- kind to our 2 yo, and very attentive. The food was the best part- I can't remember the last time I had such good Chinese food, and it's priced very reasonably. We got the Peking dinner for 2 which included the fried noodles, hot tea, wonton soup (with generous noodles, meat, shrimp and veggies, the best I've ever had), a pupu platter with eggrolls, bbq skewers, house wings and those cheese puff thingies (the presentation is pretty cool, too). Next came 3 entree sized plates of food: mongolian beef, fried chicken (can't remember the name) and the Peking fried rice. The meal concluded with incredible little desserts- sort of like eggrolls but filled with banana and then covered with crystalized honey. I could have eaten 100 of them! Adding in a beverage and tax, the meal was only $34! My 2 yo can really eat, so I am surprised and pleased to say that even with sharing the dinner for 2 people with him, the 3 of us walked out with lots of leftovers. Highly recommended. Do it! DO IT!
hczz-lyKKqFTVxF4-GTxrw	f7Xe9Xzoafhi_EY4xwEpSw	4	1	These guys are still delivering consistenly good, fresh food.  It's a great little neighborhood place, good food, friendly owners.  Just a really good place to go for a nice meal out - nothing fancy.  Clean restrooms - always.Good limoncello after dinner - always a hit!
Oy0kqHnjDpCsm29Lh-fzsQ	k8JnZBspVOI8kLcQek-Chw	4	0	Since I'm on a low-carb diet, I never imagined I'd be able to eat pizza without cheating like a vengeful ex.  Then, thanks to my fellow Yelpers, I found Mamma Mia and its 10 carb pizza.  For $5.95+tax.  Sold.Show up at the store, where there are a few people on the "patio" happily chowing down on what looks to be some tasty grub.  Once I walk inside, I feel the warm, home-owned vibe that makes my tummy smile.  I pay my dues (under $6.50 with tax minus tip), wait 6 minutes, and voila! the pizza is ready.  Armed with crushed red pepper and fresh parmesan from the restaurant, I dig in when I return to my office, savoring each pepperoni-and-cheese covered bite.  This is not the best pizza I've had; however, I can't imagine a 10 carb pizza being any better.  Crispy, thin, wheat crust, flavorful ingredients, and a short drive from work?  Wow!  I will return, and may upgrade my already high rating!
QjsYLTJg_gytHvpzjbkj-g	JLrAD5J7O0xIdtUHb21jvQ	4	5	Basicly i would let anyone know i like it, never heard a wiper of a bad experience here.  Def a fan, i work very close by and if i really need they would deliver, yeah their that nice.  How can i put it Ladybug House of Sandwiches or Sandwich shop for short what a great place in phoenix to take care of the lunch fill with out going to Subway, (not saying i don't go there).  When I need a real sandwich I stop in here.  They are a lunch spot so they close early and will have specail summer time hours.  Why ladybug house of sandwiches well, great meats choice of differnt breads and its like what I love the ladybug theme.  and just what you think of ladybugs their nice not pests, pretty and would make a cool friend.  Small note, i put my business card in their bowl once and actually won!  I got half off for the whole office, thanks ladybug ladies your the best.  Once again Kevin, lets you know whats real, kind of like meMcDowell right accross from the Banner Hospital  right smack in the middle of the whole campus of medical buildings and offices.
QMU906B86pFCpp4lOUOteg	1oFvqm7eSpJbVpxpPxueaA	1	6	Buca Di Beppo is literally, italian restaurant hell. You know how all big box chain restaurants throw junk up on the walls in an attempt to make the space feel vintage? Buca Di Beppo throws junk, and knick knacks and statues and anything else 'italian' they could find in the chinese warehouse where they loaded up these goods. It's a terrible horrible mess and you end up sitting in a yardsale of italian paraphenalia while eating your very bland pasta.It's embarassing how truly flavorless the food is here. Thin, flavorless alfredo sauce. Thick slabs of lasagna with less taste than what I can get out of the frozen section at Publix. I went with a large group and across the table, bland food.When they seat your party, they guide you through the kitchen area where the cooks play along and say a welcoming hello. Deep down you know they hate this. Why are we in the kitchen? Sure it's nice, but I'd rather have them concentrating on making the food, and making it good. Of course, the food at Buca Di Beppo seems to be far beyond any point of return to tasting good. It's just dead. Dead food. No life, no flavor, not emotion. I get more flavor from the $.99 Michelina's frozen lunch package.Far from claiming anything authentic Italian, Buca Di Beppo even pumps out bread with no taste. Eating at Buca is like eating food from an assisted living facility. No salt, no sugar, no butter, no fat, it's all gone along with anything resembling taste. Sure, Buca has huge portions, and the setup is nice for large parties and families - but they might as well just buy the family-size pasta packs from the frozen section and bake it at home, even that would be better, and they wouldn't have to the mandatory gratuity. Say what you will about other italian chains like Macaroni Grill, or Olive Garden - at least their food taste like something.
_cfetEw0dU8MRPpxMReHNg	ZRJwVLyzEJq1VAihDhYiow	5	2	Just did take out.  Great experience.  Easy to place my order over the phone, friendly service.  Nice that they have special pick up parking spots and entrance.  Made it an in and out operation.  Ordered the gluten free pizza with pepperoni and sausage.  My husband and son loved it and have already been asking to get it again.  I had the spaghetti calzone and was in HEAVEN.  I highly recommend it.
2Lb0yQc5VRT5JTMYnqH4Cw	aHGcI-KGitnGRco_D_I9Ag	1	1	I want to like this place as it is in the neighborhood and there aren't many other options around here, but this is probably the worst restaurant/bar I've ever had the misfortune of going to. My last trip I sat down to order a beer at the bar.  The bartender takes about five minutes to get me a beer, despite the bar being nearly empty, as he was too busy for me with his time and focus instead spent flirting with one of the servers.  I drink my beer and want another.  The glass sits empty for about five minutes while he paces around the bar.  I try on three occasions to get his attention and ask for another.  The dude is just ignoring me at this point.  I guess they don't want my business and I just leave.  He can have the 8 cents he owes me in change for a tip... I just want out of here.  I feel bad when I leave that he even got the 8 cents from me.  I hope he spends it well.On other trips here my wife and I have had the food.  It's not any better than the service sadly.  I have an English Bulldog at home with a poop eating problem and I'm not sure he would even find this food acceptable.  Overall just the worst restaurant around and it's no surprise why the place always looks so dead out front.  Nobody's there because it's simply horrible.  Avoid at all cost.  I wouldn't eat here again, but would give the bar another shot if I heard the replaced all the help.  Whoever owns this place needs to clean house.  Looking at other reviews on here, I see I'm not alone in my feelings about the service.  Get rid of these people already... just sad!!
V8MQK2HLoaFrdj6tfe3Yhw	7SO_rX1F6rQEl-5s3wZxgQ	3	2	The Orange is a popular, well-reputed joint in my neighborhood. The Pizzaria is connected to a small bakery and deli. IMO, it's overpriced and over-rated. The parking is usually impossible and often dangerously full of gargantuan SUVs and expensive sports cars. There is valet parking available at times that is also overpriced, pretentious, and unnecessary. The parking lot is tiny and I need a valet to park my car? What a racket. Overflow parking is available on street in the bicycle lane (thanks a lot folks!)I used to have coffee here in the mornings week-ends in the outdoor cafe', but the place has become a neighborhood nusiance. The orange caters to a clientele that largely appears to regard itself as quite UMC. Probably they should be located in Paradise Valley instead of eastern Phoenix.I give it three stars because the food is good. That can't be disputed. The facilities and the company leave much to be desired though. If your idea of an enjoyable experience includes good food surrounded by SUV-driving soccer moms with ears adhered to cell phones, this place might just be for you.
m9n76yM_vlXLFJUXQegEkQ	WxLMUX59m6sSszVNLnHDEw	4	8	Stopped into this good-sized place for lunch today, with Mike C.  It's a little worn, but comfortable, & I counted up 81 regular food items.  All that I tried from the soup, salad, sushi, hot dishes, & dessert selections were good, & I particularly enjoyed these items:*  The Hot & Sour Soup!*  The Kim Chi!*  A tasty salad topping with broccoli, mushrooms, & more!*  The Seafood Salad!*  The Egg Foo Young!A good solid 4-Star place here!  Lunch Buffet $6.99, $6.29 Sr.
v1P47gNxPMPC0TNNiztiUA	-tBiXT917wKlr6n9wSqViw	4	0	Went for my birthday and anniversary, and I was pleased by both the service and the food.  The waiter let me try a  piece of Prime Rib, since I'd never had it before (I know, what have I been missing?!?!), so kudos for going out of his way.Another nice touch was the manager personally coming over to introduce herself and ask about our experience. Overall the service was great, and the food, while tasty, wasn't spectacular or terribly distinguished.  I probably wouldn't come here too often, mainly due to price, unless I have more birthday coupons.
tQmgYx1VAz98Q6l4woKHbA	jgWAgT7LWPTf5wju9Q-kiw	5	0	Been here a few times and the food is always fresh and tasty.  I am Chinese from northern China.   This is authentic northern Chinese cuisine.  Food is not fancy but extremely delicious and satisfying.  Highly recommend the Zha Jiang noodles (meat sauce with hand made noodles), the chives and egg pocket, and dumplings.  Good prices and comforting home made Chinese food.  Owners are very nice.
pNF4Ic_rfs85Rxu_pH34uw	9Ep4sguv3HH_8lWyzSogjw	2	0	I really wanted to enjoy my experience at Indulge, but didn't. From the website, local magazine reviews, and driving by, I expected it to be a slightly upscale neighborhood joint, but it really is no different than a Fuddruckers.We were underwhelmed by the food and hated the environment. Two of us built our own burgers, and one ordered a pre-made pick off the menu. We had the dill chips (fried pickles) as an appetizer. I can't say that any of us loved our meal, and as soon as we walked out we all agreed we weren't interested in going back. It was just no better than you could make at home (and I burn soup).  The tables were crowded, too close together, and the place was uncomfortably noisy. Our servers were trying to clear plates as soon as one of us set down a fork (no one was waiting for our table), and asked for our dessert orders while we were still eating. The whole experience was rushed, loud, uncomfortable, and not "indulging" in any way. I'm so disappointed.
kbE8egnIGXP_Ze031ZK2Cw	2ceeU8e3nZjaPfGmLwh4kg	2	0	Cool atmosphere.  Very laid, chill environment.  Good price on beers, but thats all I can say.  The server was pretty awful, not continually checking back with us and not friendly.  There were 4 of us and 2 of us order food initially and the orders came out about 5 minutes apart.   My friend order 1/2 dozen oysters (its an oyster house) and from his experience the person that shucked those oysters obviously was not a lover of them.  There were small broken pieces of the shell around the edges, and the bottoms were absolutely filthy dirty.  For being an oyster house you would think that would be the thing they take pride in, but not that night.  Then the remaining of our group ordered food and both those orders came out at separate times (almost 10 minutes apart) and one order was just a side of fries.  It's a great drinking atmosphere and a cool place to chill, but I wouldn't go expecting great service of great food.
7Ivl3Fikr0IZjPkbrz538w	6NAOp61ozWlO6KCxTlgCkw	4	1	This place has been my weakness since childhood. I still get food from here once a month or so. Probably the only fast food place I visit often, other than Five Guys when I lived on the east coast. If you're preparing for a trip to Mexico, just dine here once a week for a month or two before your vacation. You'll probably be introduced to much of the bacteria of delicious real-Mexican street food.Perhaps it's not that bad, but it is delicious. Especially their "pastrami dog". You can be a self-proclaimed "foodie" all you want, with your "oh, ha! ha!, but I admit that I do on the occasion dine at the selected In-N-Out" pompous asshole who thinks you're still down-to-earth, or you can come down and gorge on some real disgusting, real fast food. What are you afraid of? Your arteries will expand enough to still allow the blood  through, don't worry. Sure, they may drop your hot dog on the ground and forget to use sanitary gloves from time to time, but how else are you going to break in your immune system, you sissy?
o205X1jGfSqjQXRVkPvRsg	h6jfMpTZpNduLG0wE2tbaw	4	1	BYOB and you can get a flaming boat of sushi?! #winningThis is an awesome neighborhood place with reasonable prices and delicious menu options. Plus, it's BYOB - a rarity it seems.I attended with a party of four and we spent about $110 and were stuffed on tons of food. The noodle dishes and sushi were great and our server was a lot of fun.
qO4kC74xeNNOqBTm3NezPg	pAHUC05ceak48e745i6G4g	5	1	Stopped by here for lunch today... I saw the Burger sign outside and thought I would try it out. WOW!! This place is amazing. The owner/chef was taking the orders and was super helpful and friendly. I had a Paradise CHZ which came with 2 patties, smoked mozzarella lettuce, tomato, caramelized onion as well as cucumber. I also ordered  Sweet Potato Tater Tots I was blown away! BEST BURGERS IN PHOENIX!  Our bill came to $18 for 2 cheese burgers, 2 sides and a soda. It was so amazing I went back for dinner. I bragged to much when I got home that my boyfriend just had to try it. I had the special which was a Roasted Duck Burger (2 beef patties, topped with roasted duck, caramelized onions, bacon, fried egg over easy served with duck au jus) By far the best burger of my life. My boyfriend got the Beach House (2 beef patties. roasted green chili, smoked mozzarella, pico de gallo and jalapeno ranch) He also ordered the seasoned fries. I don't care for fires and I think I could eat 3 orders they were so good. His was so good he ordered another burger. For Desert we shared a Maple Pecan Bacon Milkshake, also to die for. I really think I need one of these every night.From the atmosphere, the music, the staff to the food every thing about PV Burgers was a hit.This is a must go!
9Z_bU2xRCzD3AERtnOjKqg	5-X03Zc0nN7U5eoe8uFUdw	5	0	This is place is a weekly trip for us as my girlfriend loves the salmon and martini's they serve here. We have been frequenting this place ever since we moved to the area versus the rare trips we would take for the awesome cream cheese chocolate cake made by Caroline or the lunch Caesar chicken sandwich. Here are my ratings of each dining point I consider when going here:Service: 5/5 Fast and very helpful, Even the chef will dig up custom stuff and cares what people think of the new entrees.Ambiance: 4/5 The place used to be a home so it's a little cramped but nice nonetheless. Not as comfy as some others like Ticoz but we like it. As it is smallin seating ranges you can't get too loud so keep the rowdy folks to the Applebees locales.Drinks: Ginger ale and the kiltlifter is nice as well as the blackwidow and black / blue martinis.recommended Food:Fish 5/5: My girl's favorites are the halibut,swordfish,miso salmon with basmati rice, she also loves the spinach and asparagus.Sandwiches: 5/5 for roast chicken with green chili, side of coleslaw or balsamic salad 4/5 chicken caesar is good but sometimes is hit and missmeatloaf: 5/5 best I have ever had, it is a beauty.Tacos: 4/5 One time I had pork tacos they were the best ones I had tasted, the next time they were ok, then the last time they were great, not sure why but still recommended.Cream cheese cake: 5/5 Made from local baker who used to do deserts for Circa 1900 but now does it for them and Urban Bean to name a few.Steak,chicken, pork: 3/5 I have tried each and every one here and while you wont be disappointed there isn't a wow factor like the meatloaf. The sauces seem to not match or compliment the specific meat in my opinion. I would love a bordelaise sauce or onions and mushrooms with the filet for example.Appetizers: ?/? I am not a fan of  the bruschetta but haven't tried the rest. I have heard the crab cakes are awesome but have yet to compare them to Fez's awesome versions.Pricing is on par with Sophie's but less than Christopher's and more that Ticoz. I am fine with it as the food I order is totally worth it.
fjAbI8cUVaEFoe-vGnFwow	zRqU9_TTVNSo9d23fL8qgQ	1	2	Walk the other way, just walk right the hell the other way...Here was how this played out.  Oktoberfest a few days ago.  Starting the night off.  I walk past this place and see a place that sells a slice of pizza for $1.99.  Good, right?  No.  me: "Hi, one slice of pizza please"guy: "you buy drink with it, 4 dollars."me: "no, just one slice of pizza"guy: "we do not sell one slice, you have to buy a drink.  4 dollars"I should have pulled a flag on this play at this point, but knowing I was going to be drinking I move forward wanting food in me. Not a wise move.me: "so, I can't buy one slice?"guy: "no, you buy a drink with slice, 4 dollars."me: "It doesn't say that anywhere on the menu or walls"guy: "No, do not sell one slice.me: "what the... O.K., give me 2 slices of pizza"guy: "you buy two slices then."me: "yes, Jesus Christ, yes"guy: "toppings?"me: "no, no toppings.  cheese."guy: "we have toppings."what is this guy, fucking deaf? me: "no thanks"I give him the money.guy: "it take 10 minutes, you wait."I don't think they run the air conditioner in this place, so I wait outside.Pizza comes out.  Tastes like absolute crap.  I eat it outside because in September in Chandler Arizona it is cooler outside then inside this place.  I think they had the thermostat set to "HELL" Guy working or running the place comes outside and stares me down as I am eating.  I'm sure if you want to eat here you can check the dumpster for plenty of slices to try beforehand to avoid having to pay for one.  Excuse me, avoid having to pay for two.  However after what I had served to me I'm pretty sure they will beat you to the garbage cans and sell it back to some other unsuspecting soul.  I was the only one dumb enough to finish all the food.  Wouldn't eat here if there was a natural disaster and this place was the last to be ransacked for provisions.  I'd keep walking.FAIL.
ldOnZ0of0M2MrR2EQTqX7g	gkv2XvXpFgiq4Bb2XK7YmQ	1	1	if you like terrible service and overpriced food you've come to the right place.  If I knew before I went in there I would be paying $16.00 for macaroni and cheese, and had the pleasure of waiting around for an hour to get it, while my glass remained empty, I would've stayed away (which is what you should do).  Food wasn't awful, although 2 members of the party did cut up their mouths eating the hard as a "Rock" bread on their sandwiches. The mac n' cheese was nothing special.  The service was beyond poor.  First and last time I will eat at Hard Rock Cafe.
Kjtu2HXWQQX1Ww1Ob5mAag	V1nEpIRmEa1768oj_tuxeQ	5	1	Great food. Great ambiance. Great for a night date on the patio. I can't wait to go again.
3ZHH5fSxzMLVmVK9vaCdwQ	vfLog2bLJGl6hAFtGtr0GQ	5	1	Jeremiah is great! He is very friendly, patient, and knows what he's doing! We started off with the Drunken Cheesy Bread, it's ok. Not something I would want again. Nothing wrong with it, just not my taste. For lunch, I had the Chicken Parmesan sandwich, along with a house salad. The sandwich is great. Loved it. The house salad... I mean, I could not stop eating it. I have no idea which kind of dressing was on it, but it was AMAZING. I am craving it just thinking about it. The interior is very clean, roomy, very casual. I heard they have great happy hour, so I will be back again.
DFjpEBuLU5Wu4cJ8JAeX8w	rZbHg4ACfN3iShdsT47WKQ	4	7	"You smell like smoke."  That's the greeting I received when coming home from a terrific UYE organized by BBQ lovin' Deb L.  And at that point, if my stuffed self didn't already know it, I knew I had just eaten some damn good food.Upon arriving, I had a deja vu moment of being there before...a long time ago, sipping a virgin strawberry daiquiri (I told you it was a long time ago), and thinking I was all that.  Yes, it was Bobby McGee's at one time!  So flash forward 25 years, and I'm having a strawberry lemonade "adult" beverage, which was quite tasty btw, in the company of 20 fabulous Yelpers!We were given corn bread pretty quickly, and it was devoured pretty quickly.  A little on the crumbly side, but delicious nonetheless.  Because my husband could not join us, I went with the 2-meat combo (brisket and pulled pork) so there would be some left to take him.  Yeah, that's my story.  I was a happy eater to find I could order my meats sauce free!  The brisket was good, but a little too fatty.  The pork was really good, however; adequately seasoned and smokey.  I tried the spicy sauce on the table, and found it to be just right, just a little kick to it.  For sides, the mac and cheese was creamy and not lacking in sauce.  Yum.  The roasted corn was really really good.  If corn always tasted that good, I would move to Iowa.Our service was great and they were accommodating for our request for separate checks with a 20% gratuity.  Our service was actually good enough, especially given a party that size, that I tipped extra.  And I did refrain from eating all of my meal, so that I could have a nice lunch the next day when my husband refused my offer of the leftovers.  Only problem was he didn't refuse.  And I went hungry the next day, wishing I had eaten all of my meal when I had the chance.
6WZ9XwBdRXQi-AH3V4lHVg	r3r_bAfa6pZKIhQB82FizQ	2	1	We came here on a Friday night. My husband ordered a dirty martini and it was so dirty, it came out looking like a glass of olive juice with some grenadine in it - it was actually red - WTH? It was the first time in his life he had sent something back. The waitress was cool about it though. She had to be, she has eyeballs too. We ordered the mozzarella and heirloom tomato appetizer. It was ok, nothing special. I have a pet peeve though - if you say heirloom, I expect heirloom and heirloom tomatoes, they were not. If they are not in season, that's fine, but tell people when they order. Then, we had the cannelloni special with sausage sauce. Again, nothing special. Here's the kicker - they charge for bread (not special bread, just plain ol' bread) and for parmesan cheese to put on top of your pasta!!! In fairness, they do give you one piece of bread with your pasta, but if you want any more, you are paying $3. Let's be serious - the name of the restaurant is Pasta Bar and you charge for grated cheese?? That's like going to a sushi restaurant and paying for soy sauce or a burger place and paying for ketchup. The cheese actually on the menu as a side. Are you kidding me? We're not talking special grated cheese. It looked like the stuff from a green shaker bottle. I wanted to add some salt to our appetizer, but there was none on the table. I didn't ask for any because I was afraid they'd charge for that too. I'm actually surprised they didn't have it on the menu as a side. We won't be going back.
zpatQBj8m2UAECkMi-SXZg	3QhPvyen9kSiAxduT8g3bQ	3	1	I tried Rare Earth for the first time as a solo diner.  Often a good way to get the take on a new restaurant.  I sat at the bar which has surprisingly uncomfortable seating.  Really hard seats that cut me in the back of the knees.  The wine selection is nice.  Not big but two or three choices of each variety.I ordered a glass of wine,  a small House salad and a pizza.  The server behing the bar was "professionally friendly"  Then the wait began.  Fifteen minutes passed and I still had no salad.  I was able to get the servers attention and asked about my salad. She didn't check on the status of the salad but gave the excuse that several people had come in around the same time that I did.Just about 3 minutes later both my salad and my pizza came out at the same time.  Very disappointing.  I wanted to eat my salad but I didn't want my pizza to go cold.  Note: This is extremely thin pizza...like a cracker crust...so it goes cold very quickly.The server offered to send the pizza back to keep it hot but since it had fresh tomato on it, I didn't want the pizza to be ruined.The house salad was fresh, good mushrooms and shaved pecorino cheese.  There were lots of red onions and the dressing, a house vinaigrette was very strong "and vinegary". For me the onion and vinegar were just overwhelming and I would not order that particular salad again.The pizza had a good amount of toppings and held together pretty well, even considering how thin the crust is. I would like to try this restaurant again because there were several things on the menu that sounded really good.4 stars for the pizza, 2 stars for the salad that I ordered and 3 stars for the service.
w6a4k8b5H0X2rS5SphCrSA	Pfb6VOIiroqDWOebfgWGPQ	5	0	What a place for brunch. $4 drinks are fantastic. Their tenderloin egg Benedict and sea food sandwich is heavenly. Wish we had such a place in Los Angeles.
UJh5uWBq-wi8rWXdyO1c2w	tr4L9VWmPGZtdBD-L2Pofw	3	0	I've heard about this place being "the best" burger joint so i had to check it our for myself. My boyfriend and i went on a saturday afternoon and to my surprise most of the seats were taken, people were coming and going so my first thought was they must be good since they were so busy. Severs were really nice and prompt.we both ordered their 1/3 lb arizona smashburger which has: habanero cheese, guacamole, lettuce, tomato, onion, chipolte mayo and fresh jalapenos on a chipotle bun, we also had an order of their smash fries.first thought, the presentation of the burgers and fries looked great, after putting mustard and ketchup on it and TRIED to pick up the burger everything almost feel out. It was messy and greasy totally ruined the experience of enjoying the burger. It tasted like any other burger, nothing really special about it. Their fries however were amazing. on a scale of 1-10 i would give this place a 6 just for the food presentation. my boyfriend said he wouldn't go back but i'll give it another try one day.
AcAejpKnMrFZva9pKCQ8Rg	TuCAYZ89lP_s6D7Y78xNhQ	5	1	Fast service. Great burgers and fries. So far the Arizona burger coupled with sweet potato fries is my favorite.
5VnleLYRYb-41ksgsdiFng	KgTb63IZHFn_rhLG-cpm_A	5	1	Whitney walked into Renegade Canteen and never had a chance. Nor did any of her previous favorite Scottsdale spots. The green chile pork stew is enough to make a good date great or a bad date totally tolerable. Tender, juicy, sent from above...having this dish once is not enough. You won't have the heart to inform your mother that after tasting McGrath's bowl of deliciousness, any pork dish she's ever prepared seems dry and flavorless. We can only hope that the clouds in heaven are made of the mashed potatoes. I get them every time. The filet was the best steak I've ever had (I've thought about it, trust me) and the Dr. Pepper braised short rib will give you something else to think about the next time the Kiss "Dr. Love" commercial comes on. yummmmmmers.
Rdbh5Djh6nd5C0GDm-xHQQ	I7IfnWW1nXljC4ZGqwPe-w	4	1	Good chips and salsa, excellent service.  Friendly folks who greet you well and say good-bye when you leave.  MY staff love this place and I gave them gift cards for Xmas from here so they could go to lunch and talk about the boss!Food is good but not great.  Not high-end Mexican but decent ingredients put together with care.  I highly recommend asking about their specials.  They are thinking about what they prepare and have some excellent dishes they have created themselves.  The spicy roast pork is very good - as an example.Parking can be tough at peak hours.  I had to use the street last night and the place was absolutely packed.  Large lot but at peak hours...Very good value.  You will leave knowing you have eaten something!Decor is basic Mexican restaurant but comfortable.
WyJhYnlpQTfnuaoPs-FEVQ	2OY8xs4aqOt8eTnYokdrww	5	0	ABSOLUTELY ADORE THIS RESTAURANT!!!! Amazing location and such a great food !!! Been going there for a long, long time! I have yet be even slightly annoyed. BLISS! They wait on you hand and foot, food presentation and TASTE is Fantastic...Always make you feel very special.. the hostesses are not rude nor snooty and are always smiling- GREAT Managers! LOVE them all around! ( and I AM SUPER PICKY ( and Proud of it!) DO IT!!! GO THERE!!!!! #1 rest. per me in AZ for beautiful location and food!
DygrWmhDiuxZbnXqOxnT4Q	fMcI0fOLmUwSvgVCmGA9Rg	2	1	5 Stars for the delicious food & flavors. No stars for the tired, drab & dusty interior. Very disappointed. Needs a complete interior update overhaul and face lift. The food is great quality, but their portions are monumental, and rather unappetizing with the amount of food on the plate--although this could be appealing to others of a unsophisticated palette. Quite disappointed, but gracious that the quality of meat was outstanding.
RM6sKStyROJflS4GBIVIOQ	jGldmslgIegQNM5kvb851Q	5	0	Had a family style meal and everything was delicious.  Rigatoni in a cream sauce with chicken was outstanding, as was the pound cake dessert.  Appetizer stuffed mushrooms were also really good.On the pricey side, but nice for a special occasion.
pgOrQ_YAcauscW-bWmwOlQ	hoDG7g0Qxqje0dP_7MqpHQ	2	0	The place was pretty busy when my husband and I visited one night. The decor was ok but very kitschy.My husband and I split the pear salad although the pears were the ones out of a can. The special that night was beef cheeks which if you are familiar and like them, they can be amazing. But I could barely find them on the plate because they were drowned in a heavy overpowering sauce.My husband had the lasagna which was decent and I honestly had more of that then my entree.For what we had, it was totally overpriced. I could imagine Olive Garden would be just as good.
YvQe-wF-QA7Db9jyOrHuKg	VVeogjZya58oiTxK7qUjAQ	4	1	Over Hyped ??... Yeah a little but its definitely worth checking out !The pizzas are freshly baked and very minimalistic but extremely tasty ! I particularly loved the ROSA -  Red Onion, Rosemary, Pistachios sprinkled with just the right amount of Parmigiano Reggiano on a thin crisp crust ! The classy brick wall and the gorgeous brick oven give a rustic feel to the décor and you feel transported to another time.
JCUxqiNAtAPmHi6DHi3I9g	WS1z1OAR0tRl4FsjdTGUFQ	3	0	yet another phoenix joint w/ hip decor and a solid menu.  nice gold on brown color scheme, soaring ceilings.   cute marker board to write all over at whim. the food? some of the best glorified bar food in town, albiet pricey. sampled several top notch martinis, the smoked salmon app, good chicken burger and sweet potato fries.  place also has bocce ball which makes for a fun diversion. my biggest complaint is the terrible acoustics.  It was so loud my ears hurt and I felt that a hundred people were simulaneously shouting into a steel drum.  Can we put some softies on the wall or something? But then, again, it's a bar.
6LbKHp4BGuS3JiYTwFh9NQ	T4ox3wUzFjWvyrjaTRoBbA	4	1	This place is absolutely delicious but you'll want to stay away on Friday and Saturday nights. It gets packed and the service declines. My boyfriend and I went a couple of weeks ago and if the food wasn't so delicious, the service would have kept us from returning. Kind of like the soup nazi on Seinfeld; you'll do whatever it takes to get what you want!
WrdNidNnDuKRVOQUzPBRSw	pQAIM21Yw4eNdbha2Rxkcg	4	4	I know that all Melting Pot locations gets mixed reviews... usually the price turns people off.  It is a little pricey, but it's all about the experience.  Also, since it's a time-consuming experience, one tends to be there about twice as long as at a regular restaurant.  So I don't really mind the price for a once in a while kind of thing.  My hubbie and I have been 8-10 times... twice at the Scottsdale location.The husband and I always order the "Big Night Out," generally the "Lobster Indulgence."  (We figure if we're going to spend a pretty penny, we might as well really make it worthwhile.)  Maybe since we always do the lobster thing, the price doesn't bother me as much.Don't remember the specific themes the times we went to Scottsdale, but the "Big Night Out" meals go like this:  Cheese Fondue (you can choose the special or any from the regular menu) with assorted dippers, Salad Course (again, the special or off the menu), Main Course (if you get the "Lobster Indulgence," it includes twin lobster tails, usually a couple kinds of beef (e.g., filet and sirloin), shrimp, chicken, salmon, and/or pork, often a stuffed pasta, and lost of vegetables) with assorted sauces, and the best part... Chocolate Fondue with fresh fruit, brownies, marshmallows, Rice Krispies Treats, etc.  Yummy!I must say that your experience also really depends on your server.  If you get a bogus one, you might not have a great time.  We've had good experiences for the most part, some absolutely awesome experiences.Also, check out each location's web site prior to making reservations.  They sometimes offer really great deals or promos, especially on weekdays.  This info might be helpful to those who feel like the regular price is over the top.
vM0ahTjVJo6DdjFs9AvgKA	YL_EiYALmGUd1lm5HZgL3w	3	1	The staff is friendly and will give you a smile.  The store is clean.   The plaza is very nice and a good place to shop for all kinds of things.  That said, the food is typical of a chain style and reflects my 3 rating.   I'm sure many people will enjoy the food.  I just prefer a Pollo Asado Burrito from one of the local "mom & pop" shops.   Overall, it's OK.
IYke8Lz-ukiHEox0Q201jg	Aicnm12Zped8nQFXyRRFvw	4	1	I love eating at Byblos.  The food there is great!  I love their hummus w/meat & pine and their pita bread has always tasted pretty good to me.  The tomato soup is awesome and the rest of their dishes are SO good.  The one waiter everyone is talking about?  I've never thought he was rude, he's just quiet and old.  Gosh, give him a break!  I don't know how most of these reviewers have never run into the owner.  He's awesome!  Half the time he's the one who will wait on you and he's super nice and friendly.  He's always willing to make recommendations.  Sure it's not in some upscale neighborhood, but the food is good.
YMNY-K0D1DCe9pmaHRoiKQ	RLjA7TBXJfyqDfPuVCcrtQ	4	3	At first I was hesitant about trying Prado out because of some of the reviews. I got the impression that I may in for a hit-or-miss experience. And it was my fear that I'd catch one of their "miss" days. I was pleasantly surprised when I had an absolutely sublime meal! Since the menu changes nightly, I won't bore you with details of the meal. I'm a huge fan of restaurants using local, organic produce &/or meats....and I'm a bigger fan of Prado b/c of this! The resort and the restaurant is extremely sexy! You really do feel as if you've traveled to Spain. I encourage people to take advantage of the local gem!!Bon Appetite!
NFW7WImcuAzYGO0P0BUmKA	UWrB5H3G-hhiHMy3iKV2ew	5	1	Simply an AWESOME tuna sandwich! Great service, and the atmosphere was really cool. Just wondering what the difference is between pickles and cucumbers in brine. (50 cents, apparently)
7NHcsID9ZTebvaxm5NumoA	9Y3aQAVITkEJYe5vLZr13w	2	0	I recently went to The Breakfast Club for the first time with a good friend who I hadn't seen in awhile. It was a weekday and so, while it was still busy, we didn't have to wait to be seated. The food was good, but slightly over-priced. My biggest problem with the restaurant - the service. They were slow to deliver our drinks and food, yet once our food came, they were swarming around like bees every five minutes to take our plates so we could get out of there. I felt like they didn't care at all for the fact that I was having a nice morning with a good friend but instead wanted us to pay and leave. After we had been there for just over an hour and fifteen minutes, out waitress actually told us to leave the table and finish our conversation outside so they could seat other customers. We were mortified. I have NEVER been asked to leave a restaurant in my life. Needless to say, they didn't win a loyal customer with me.
YhkWc4Fdbb7zTyCKU2SOhA	MAfc2V_EVtyR9rMxxEAPLg	4	0	So the other day, I was in the mood for sushi at my usual spot (Sakana).  Unfortunately, they were closed for lunch, so the next choice was some pasta at Caffe Boa next door.  Also closed for lunch.  Double Shit!!  Pasta Pomodoro?  Their tortellini alfredo rocks!!  Then I find out all of their AZ locations closed.  Triple shit!!  Stomach is growling and quickly getting pissed off.  Okay, Haji Baba then.  Bessie gets me there in record time but alas, the place was PACKED, even for a 2pm lunch.  What to do?  Wait...there's that little Vietnamese joint a few doors down, that I've always wanted to check out but just never did.Well, I guess they say better late than never for a reason.  I popped in, grabbed a seat and was quickly served up one of my favorite Vietnamese dishes.  Deelish is all I can say.  Now I've got a new little spot to add to my local list of favorites.
VkAofxxE0DgvQNZlKF3gEQ	hkKvb6oXxn8ygoP5fFln1g	5	1	I love this place. Every time I visit I come here. I did miss out of Bucket of Crab night :(
hu1izY3YrDlr5C-VI08EmQ	J3INwTy4KZJ8aJwVoOqAJA	4	0	Hungry and footsore near the end of a marathon shopping trip for the 13 year old, we decided to pause here for a bit of rest and refreshment, despite the low yelp ratings.We had a decent experience here. Maybe they have made some improvements recently?I really enjoyed the little bit of complimentary bean dip that I was able to snatch between the giant scoops that my oldest son kept shoveling into his mouth. The salsa had a tasty kick to it, and the chips were extra large, thin, and crispy.The eldest ordered the poco chimis off of the appetizer menu. Much as he liked them, he was full with 2 chimis left. My husband (who received the leftovers) found the filling a bit dry, and the jalapeno cream cheese too bland to deserve the 'jalapeno' in its name.My green corn tamales were a tad sweet for my taste, reminiscent of El Torito sweet corn cake. No problem though, since the youngest gobbled up half! Ambiance was comfortable and service was polite and efficient. My only complaint is that they never refilled the chip bowl even though it ran empty before our orders came out.3.5 stars
CB8dEDNiVqsTsfBIXYDAlQ	_RBUU1y4yJrK0SPAd8z0-w	4	0	Great lunch buffet, for the price, you get a ton of different types of food to try.  The naan is great and piping hot.  I will say that their chicken tikki masala is not my favorite but overall for the ambiance, this place is super pretty and delicious!
QG86VEqtP2eBN_UWc-LBjQ	IVc23uY-36WUNYoIbz42Fg	4	6	My sister took me here last week its crazy that I haven't been yet right? This is her regular go to place. Not much I can say after so many reviews here already. The patio looked very nice I bet its the place to be when its cooler. It was kind of empty in here but it was late afternoon. My sis ordered us some Drunken Italian Sodas they were made super strong though usually this would not detour me however I had my child with me and had to drive all the way back home after. Basically it tasted like straight vodka in a giant glass it was a bit much for me mid day and after adding Sprite to it which I stole from my daughter I still couldn't drink it without feeling like I'd be a drunken Mexican after. I didn't understand this drink maybe someone can explain it to me? My sis told me their Sangria was good but I had no idea they made Caipirinha's next time that's what I get no question. The food: We had the garlic lemon hummus it was really good the ingredients separately didn't have much taste to them but together it was really nice the pita bread was excellent. The kid couldn't stop eating the hummus she got so full she barely touched her mac n cheese so we brought that home along w all the leftover hummus. Now on to the Tejano burger we decided to split. OMG it was so delicous I couldn't put it down and we both regretted having split it w each other. Extra star just for that burger alone you best try it if you haven't son!!!
mdKlE62dlSTZZjo1Tw4KsQ	-Ogv7rpcgUHkFaSy3vD8Sw	4	1	Good buffet, albeit it's a tad on the more expensive side in my opinion.  We came here for dinner on a Sunday night for their "Super Buffet" which was $15.99 per person.This buffet offers a large selection of food...hot entrees, made to order sushi, Mongolian BBQ, soup, fresh fruit and salad, and dessert.  I liked the fried rice, chow mein, broccoli beef, string beans, and this dish with tofu.  The egg drop soup was really good and the hot and sour soup was decent.  For a Chinese buffet, they offered some quality desserts since some of their offerings probably came from Costco like the red velvet cake and cream puffs.  Service was friendly and polite.  Our waitress did a great job with clearing our plates and offering to refill our hot tea.  (Hot tea was $1.60 per person, by the way.)The restaurant is spacious and appeared to be well maintained.  Parking is easy since there's plenty of spaces in the lot out front.
OmzL9YJufS2qzMcxd98vrA	rDvz5jX65gpfONFu7er9Tw	4	2	We were staying at a hotel nearby and found the reviews for this spot. Boy are we glad that we did! We are constantly on the hunt for great tacos in any city, this was definitely one for our list. We ate here for dinner both nights we were in town. The majority of the meals ordered were the 3 taco plates. One carne asada, marinated pork, and carnitas, served with yummy rice and beans- the tortillas were very good too. This is definitely the plate to get here. I think that the carne asada ones were the best. Normally we order all of our food medium spiced, but beware of the red hot sauce that they put on the tacos. My daughter somehow got an extra dose on her tacos and was having a hard time getting through the burn. This somehow justified the obscene amount of Fresca's ordered. :) If you are remotely sensitive to heat, order your sauce on the side.
6oFiNU-pzlmkCtbTlkazFw	EzAen1_nwVuiWPKBj9HUpQ	2	0	Nothing spectacular about the food...service was good and the fruity adult beverages/margaritas were tasty. Somehow, between 2 people, we ended up spending close to $50. We thought the waitress was being friendly, but after ordering drinks, it seemed like all she wanted to do was sell us more random crap to get a bigger tip. It was a nice change to see hockey on the big screen...
dcW4NqwQR-YyfLHIf2H3EA	0K634ehk41ZRc4kj3NTAEQ	5	2	I absolutely love Chompies! It's the closest thing to a New York style deli that I have found in Phoenix. They have a very large and extensive menu and everything I've ordered has been really good.They also have an amazing bakery that offers a very large assortment of tasty treats such as black and white cookies, red velvet cake, enormous éclairs, napoleons, and New York style cheese cake.I'd say that my favorite thing on the menu is the pastrami sandwich, although I recently tried the Jewish Sliders after seeing them on Man vs. Food. The sliders were really good, unlike any slider I have ever had. The challah bread and potato pancake gave these sliders a very unique flavor, very tasty. I also tried the Western Sliders and those are good as well. Although I live closer to their new location in Chandler, I still go to the Tempe location because of the hot ASU waitresses.Chompies is the best!
GVYSUw4R2oPVyYF05AF69A	KTF-E3NfkJy2wiwcgOPyVQ	5	3	This is  the best Asian restaurant in town! Previously Shanghai Palace, this out of the way restaurant serves up some of the best curry and pad Thai, that I have ever tasted in my life! The Panang Curry is so savory and aromatic, literally one of the best things I have ever had. I honestly crave this dish about twice a week.Also any thing on the menu can be made vegetarian this is a huge bonus for all veggie's around town! The Chef-owner Tottie Kaya, is always very hospitable. She walks around to each table making sure everything is up to standard. I have never once had a bad experience at this delicious eatery. So if you love Asian cuisine, you must dine at Tottie's!
VSjXQh390mZuo8ioXZpzDQ	VVeogjZya58oiTxK7qUjAQ	5	1	Best pizza I've had anywhere.  Perfect, perfect and I mean perfect crust.  Thin, chewy, smoky and sweet.  Lots of interesting toppings that center around fresh, local produce.  I deeply envy the regulars here.
vvNDkB7OOjB5eReAau1xJQ	Y293fHh5SZ0_9BZm4M6BCg	5	0	I have been going to the Matador since I was little when it was a little hole in the wall on 2nd Street.  They have always had great Sonoran style Mexican food!  It's always our go to place when we attend events downtown or have business to attend to. They also have the best hot sauce in town!  As far as the service,  the food comes out quickly and we never really have to wait long.  If you're downtown and looking for great food I would highly recommend this place.
RXjEzaESWb0vHXh6LobGDA	vYvT8J9uEh4Fqt7f9ILKlA	5	1	What an awesome neighborhood bar. I brought my little brother here when he was in town and the service was spectacular. For entertainment they have pool, darts, games and music. Our waitress Chris was more than attentive. I will defiantly be coming back!
Fmvb3iCwRTocFTsJeC3zyg	FkFjSrQx33Xn3yC-IUNjUQ	3	1	This used to be my favorite fro-yo place.  A couple of years ago, I would have given them a 4, but lately I am noticing there is no real rotation on the flavors. Always the typical cookie monster, chocolate and vanilla.  My favorite is Pistachio, I haven't seen it here.  I am addicted to fro-yo, but if I am going to indulge, it better be special.  The location is nice, and I know I will be back if I am in the area and one of the cravings hits.
bDjE7tLwM2Ad21LfngonFA	_-9pMxBWtG_x8l4rHWBasg	3	4	After hitting up the bank to sign some paper work, I wanted to stop by the Biltmore for a quick lunch and had Paradise Bakery in mind.  As I was making my way through, I encountered a new facade with Southwestern designs that I have never seen before.  "Cool!" as I exclaimed to myself. It looked intriguing enough that I went in to ask the hostess for a menu.  After gazing around for a few minutes, the Chimichanga Entrée caught my attention! Content I was! j'adore Chimis!After being seated in the, rather blandish, outdoor patio area with mistifiers cooling away, I put in my order: a Chimi and an Arnold Palmer.Not too long, my waitress brought out some cool, fresh salsa and chips.  Nothing too dazzling, quite ordinary.  Chips were crispy, oily, and a tad salty.  Arnold palmer seemed to lack both the sweetness and citrus.Now come the Chimi with a side of rice and beans.  Typical Mexican, you would think right? Well, up until I took my first bite into the rice! Puzzled face I was--like an Anime character.  I steadily kept taking small bites after small bites, analyzing what in the heck I was eating.  Generally, it was just sweet and overpowering what I would think a Mexican rice should be.  The corn bits probably only enhanced the sweetness further! The waitress confirmed honey was used but I initially guessed coconut!The beans with pieces of bacon was just simple and watery.  At first, it seemed to have that smoky, cowboy-ish hint to it, but fell short of a decent side.The Chimi was quite underwhelming in its overall taste.  What blanketed this deep-fried burrito were green chili (tasteless for the most part), drizzle of this sweet white cream (unsure of what), and some white cheese (unsure).  The tortilla shell was crisped enough and the chicken shred lacked the savoriness that I would have expected from a true Mexican joint.Nothing made sense to me! Where was the Mexican? I tried very hard to find the positive in my meal.  I quit half way to be honest.  I hate to mention this, but I did garbled some of what I chewed back out to my plate.  Overall, it missed the savoriness that would have saved the meal.  I desperately wanted Tabasco sauce like it was the end of the world, but unfortunately it was too late.I explained my calm, analytical dining experience to my waitress and she was very understanding and was fine with removing the item from the bill.  5-stars for that.I really am unsure of returning as first impression is a pretty big deal to me.  The happy hour menu did not look that appealing either.I guess the question is, how much can you expect out of Mexican-esque establishment that sits on a Fashion Park?  Heed, heed, heed this review.
brjKvcxggrZNmpguzUUT1w	5KG0A3WlC7K3DAXtrIFFjg	5	0	I have been shopping at Lee Lee's for over ten years.  The store stocks Chinese, Malaysian, Korean, Japanese, West Indian and other foods.  You can usually find what you are looking for here.  The fish selection is vast, fresh and reasonably priced.  They have the finest selection of noodles and yerba mate tea!!!Enjoy
aqcX3eFZTxAkm99iQKre2w	ttLtsY1S2Angj6hvEdzwDQ	3	0	Came in with high expectations.Wonderful surroundings, I love the New York concept here. And the area attracts a higher quality of person, which appeals to me.Place was packed on a Friday night of course , drinks were good, lots of attractive people, and a FABULOUS band playing.However, the energy/vibe in the room didn't match the band's energy. There were many 40+ something men going after early to mid 20s girls/women. That resonated throughout the place. I actually walked around the entire venue to see if I "felt" differently, but nope it was all over. Not only that but people were indifferent about dancing in groups with strangers. I was there with my wife and she doesn't really dance so I tried to casually get into a group of 3 or 4 and there was no welcoming. I was disappointed.So we left after maybe 30-45 minutes, probably never to return, unless people start raving about the venue, which will mean either the people changed or new people have discovered it.
yKY_1a3ZKrVmPOEK7MluIQ	LsHqtkdZPorIC9xOZEpz6A	3	0	I had lunch at Villalpando's with a group of co-workers and this place is A-OK. The food wasn't spectacular, but everyone was satisfied with it and the prices are reasonable. The restaraunt was not very busy which makes it an easy place to go to with a large group. The service was friendly and had no problem with making substitutions to the menu items. I do like that they offer chile relleno that's not breaded and fried!
XB0bnayqaDoCuiJI6P503g	1HNEj6kcEw369RX9Vlcixw	4	0	My super close, local taco shop. For me, consistency is key, and Filiberto's is always a step above most other restaurants ending with "to's" in that regard.  I'm fairly mental for their Chicken Soft Tacos on corn tortillas. Larger than a typical street taco, they are almost sized more like a mini burrito - Shredded Chicken, a red pepper sauce, lettuce, and melted cheddar = AWESOME. Tuesdays they are only $1, all day!  Finally their Adobada tacos are a bargain at thrice the price. Avoid the Chili Relleno burrito, however. It may be one of the worst things to ever get passed through a drive-thru window.
5OS9zcOMFxDHemh5VIzIyQ	luCSjoNQ9q_0QIjKKOy2pQ	2	0	Beer Selection 10/10 however service is 1/10. Staff lacks product knowledge. Specials are not mentioned. Wait time is long. Staff makes you feel like they are doing you a favor by taking your order.
cMiI02mYDrr7fWJyTEz1YA	1DjRf3AdYpdlC1Df9KD6rA	3	0	I went here due to a Restaurant.com coupon. The menu was expensive, which made me think that it was a fancy place, but it turns out that the food was expensive because it was a restaurant inside a hotel! It was inside the Sheraton and I didn't see any signs outside indicating it was there. We'd made reservations since it was a Friday night, but they really weren't necessary, as there were only two other families in the restaurant. We'd dressed up. We were the only ones.The restaurant area was really very modern beautiful. They'd made good use of lighting effects and there was a large, full bar wrapped along the back portion.We ordered the Pan-Seared Cheese (which were basically fried cheese poppers - delicious, but definitely overpriced considering only 4 of them came on a plate) as an appetizer. My date ordered the Baron's Burger (your basic burger), and I ordered the Valley of the Sun Ribs. The ribs were a little dry, but I really loved the "Arizona croquette" that came with them. It was fried crispy on the outside with creamy mashed potatoes on the inside.With the restaurant.com coupon, the meal was reasonably priced, but without it, I would have felt a little ripped off.
Q-DQal55CVKqAvAhRZkWMQ	TMZP6Kzkc-FytzgbgIC9JA	4	0	This was my second time dining at this Benihana (not my first teppanyaki experience), and we were out for one of my bf Sarah's birthday. We had a 7:30 reservation, and were seated at around 7:40 (why they make reservations, who knows?). There were six of us, and another couple was seated at our table. One of my gripes with this style of cooking, is that the dining space is super tiny. With all of our drinks (one each) at the table, there was hardly any room for error. Either way, our server was super nice and took very good care of us. The meal was good, albeit expensive, which is what one should expect when going to Beniana's. Everything was cooked great though, very fresh and yummy. This is definitely a place that you come for the experience as well as the food.
jqgQg-i2lxWVKFN7ciZmjA	-yxfBYGB6SEqszmxJxd97A	5	1	Amazing. Romantic!
JnF3vwi8TB-H07oS41AKbA	sbsFamEj5wDxNAjUKrMcSw	4	1	I have been here three times now.  Each time I brought a different guest. I have become a huge fan of their Green Chili Burger (I cant remember the correct name).  Sweet potato tater tots and the sweet potato french fries are great.  The chicken sandwiches rock, as well.  I like the venue. And, I have always liked the service.  I keep coming back here because everyone has enjoyed it, found something on the menu they like, and I often crave that burger.  Give RnR a shot!!
-anI_3FEizR1wNUkXRRmcg	0dORc6ckZw5HezR3BuSsqw	5	0	Absolute greatness!!!Service: friendlyFood: TRY the faux chicken wings (I crave this)Kung pao noodlesVegan chilli friesAmbiance - A+Tip: don't order the faux chicken wings Togo. Soggy experience plus they add the carrots, cucumber, celery in the box and close it. Equals the case of raw cooked veggies. Go next door to nami for dessert!!
BTI97Zws3dNdwM-u6uJxhw	-_Ke8q969OAwEE_-U0qUjw	4	0	Some amazing friends of mine surprised me and set up a whole birthday dinner at Jug 'n Barrel! This was my first time here and was shocked at how cute the place was. Even in a strip mall it actually had a fireplace which gave it a very cozy feel. The wine list is great and not too intimidating. We had a great server who even put together a wine flight to match my sweet tooth. The only thing that knocks a star (More like 1.5 stars) off the rating is the completely average food. We had a group of about 12 and ordered several appetizers and all of us ordered entrees. I don't think any of us were blown away by our meals. Although I will not return for a meal, I would return for wine with friends.
bHoKy2Dt9lPdZRLJc0NGTA	IGrp61aiyR-PtL581brrcg	3	3	Side Door, West on Hayde, a small location that does it right.  If you respect the Chicago area you will recognize Vienna beef right away.  I really enjoy the italian beef at this location, its hard to find a place that serves Italian Beef (see Defalcos Scottsdale Rd).  Bianca was our server and was very helpful for my first time, at the restaurant. If you live in the area check this place out for a quick bite to eat.  Where are all the other reviews?
hiF2ACdSzB-08TIiBls1lQ	rZbHg4ACfN3iShdsT47WKQ	4	0	This isn't your typical bbq place, where you wear bibs and there's country music playing and bbq sauce flying everywhere - that's how we do it in Texas. At Bobby Q's, its more formal; there's a nice ambience, there's a full bar, and you eat with forks and knives. The Pros:The great serviceThe 10% off by checking in on yelp - yay!The complimentary cinnimon sugar donuts at the end which are HOME MADE - dayum, those things were awesomeThe pineapple drink - its a real pineapple filled with a ton of alcohol but guess what? It tastes like juice...which means its dangerous. Drink at your caution.ConsTheir sides could be better - The mac and cheese was way too thick and unfortunately, didn't match the rave reviews. Another interesting fact - there's a club next door so you can get your grub and then dance it off
2dZwxXz1ULr_SQ7ZDCAoRA	BFZHdg2TRrgw56CyqkSryA	3	0	I came here with a friend for a Groupon dinner.  We got an appetizer assortment , an entree each, and a house margarita.  The app plate came with mini chimichangs (yay), chicken taquitos (yay), cheese quesadilla (nay), and wings (ok).  I had a decent chicken fajita, and my friend loved her steak fajitas.  The drinks were a little too strong in my opinion.  Overall, I would need another try at this place without the Groupon deal, and see if they can execute more flavorful food.
_7hvqxBUo009MXtcBnE4AA	cU6u5Plu0fD2fIvLig7z1Q	2	0	Had a couple of happy hour apps here, all flavorless. Bacon wrapped scallops: bacon undercooked, scallop overcooked.  Seared Ahi Tuna:  flavorless.  Pork sliders:  Not bad, but not memorable. Service was good. Go to Tutti Santi in the same mall instead.
Ij3tYiITRFl6RyMT7lHvwQ	_tkAI5Q5XQSfgbqJzDKSDQ	4	0	I had my rehersal dinner here for my wedding.  I had a lot of people coming in from out of town and staying at the Vally Ho so we chose this place because it was within walking distance.  I must say I was hesitant because I went with my then fiance (now husband) for dinner one night just to check it out and I was not impressed with the food.  However my very large group was so well accomodated, I couldn't have asked for more.  I would hightly recommend getting the hors d'oeurves packages that they offer.  A great price and something for everyone, they can get a plate and munch at bar tops with drinks while talking to everyone.  It was like having a bar with drinks and food just for my wedding party and family.  A truly great experience and I look forward to using this restaurant in the future for any event that requires a great atmosphere with great food and great service, for a large party.
9VoFyB96a1e9kgrTSpqOXg	0qUesn1TBPpPjW20h5Lqfg	4	0	We go to Fresh Wasabi a lot and usually it's the same thing...the service is not the fastest on the planet, but when you are there with good company you hardly notice. Their sushi is amazing and they have a perfectly priced menu. Love it!
mbWqhyCAB9kb9VS837WPMA	NDKkce5Au-o_OhIt5f2ZBg	2	5	Jewish girls in Chinese dresses serving Japanese food. If that isn't a recipe for confusion, I don't know what is.Too bad, really. Because when they first opened up, they had a real Japanese chef who had a respectable career and was trying to make actual Japanese cuisine. He naturally didn't last long in this 1980s pseudo-asian theme park environment. Remember when the owner used to intermittently drop the screens down and fire up the THX system and play movie trailers from last year? The chefs couldn't even see their hands. Now that's setting your priorities!Happy hour and late night patio is this place's saving grace (for others, not for me). But it's so far from Japanese food/sushi as to make them guilty of false advertising. See my Stingray review for a similar take on the food experience. If you FAIL rice, you FAIL sushi.
_DYMS_Mi0ddx_XL5XOy7VA	XeoeF0twXRV4mUZJgIjc8A	5	1	I love love love the chicken & hummus appetizer. Its served w/ sauteed spinach and pita. Although its an app, its large enough for a light meal. Most times, I get that w/ the beet salad and split it w/ a friend. Perfect. For those of you who avoid beets, I think you'll change your mind w/ this salad. The beets are sweet like candy.  Served w/ feta, mandarin oranges, candied pecans and a very unique pear dressing, you forget you're eating healthy. I've been trying to harvest the pear vinaigrette recipe forever!!! They won't give up the secret sauce! :( Enjoy!
j86wTgJqxuIm-6jtMnQlEw	qrapwnls-3IMg-iaXhkQKw	4	0	Cheap and delicious!  Can't beat that.
dboSdSJdr0X0aPYlH3anbQ	sbjb1qNUcqQomJvcgPuJCg	4	0	Consistently great service. Pretty standard food quality for a high end chain. Have really enjoyed this location both when busy and quiet.  Cocktails aren't particularly exciting or strong, but a great wine selection makes up for it.  Best way to describe the experience, 'consistent'.
LV_EtbE7K_5zZ6-XU1pHkQ	MAXKQMjuOQ17EAbKoTfUwQ	1	1	The absolute worse service I've encountered. My boyfriend, son and I sat at a tepan table, we were ignored for a good 15-20 minutes until my boyfriend had to ask the manager to please have someone get us something to drink. Once we had our drinks, it took another 20 minutes to order our food. By that time, another family sat at our table. My son & boyfriend ordered a meal from the tepan menu, I had sushi. Everyone on that table got their meal and I still didn't get my sushi. I asked the server to please bring it and she brought someone else's order, I had to wait another 20 minutes for my sushi. The family on our table were so upset for us as well. The food is excellent, the service is so poor I am disappointed. I advise anyone who comes here to sit at the sushi bar and deal with the Chefs, they are great. I talked to the owner and she was just as bad as the servers. I then gave it another try. I met my girlfriends there. We had dinner, spent over $200. We then moved over to the bar area and were completely forgotten about. We asked the manager/owner to please have someone come take care of us and we were told that they were concerned because we were drinking and had kids with us. One of my girlfriends had her kids but she was not drinking. I was offended that she tried to cover up the poor service with her so-called concern. Again, food is great service is lousy. I am so disappointed and will not go back. I will look elsewhere for my Caliente Rolls. I hear Blu at the Wigwam is really good and servers are hospitable.
XC4rh_9jtl27QK4bu7a58w	jf4RUa9EQO37hqxRCxbEXQ	5	0	I am a huge fan of Saigon Nites. A friend and I regularly eat here (once weekly) and we have NEVER had a bad experience. The Steak Pho is amazing. Typically when I Have Pho I load it up with hot sauces, chili oil, etc...not at Saigon! Their Pho is ready to rock and roll the second it leaves the kitchen. Two thumbs way up!
_HibfwML2alOCvvgqgzKvQ	_yW2zLQAmqhj2m7rBbpFPw	5	1	Food is good to the tummy. To me this is better than in and out burger. Place is spotless,  friendly service, and wide selection.
RyVBraOxcGl4zNraQkLP9g	zMa6YoEekpABg1HZnnTZdg	5	0	Last night we met friends at Hillstone's and we truly enjoyed a great meal and great atmosphere.  We were met by a very friendly and helpful server who took great care of us the entire evening.  We started out with a wonderful wine recommended by our server, she let us taste 3 kinds before we chose what suited us.  We went on to enjoy the savory spinach and artichoke dip as well as fresh baked bread served with some olives and olive oil.  The caeser salad was a very large portion almost could have been my entree and the dressing was so fresh and light.  The croutons crisp and fresh baked.  We all ordered the hawaiian ribeye, OMG!! So moist and so juicy - the flavor was so fabulous and I could only eat half of it.  The loaded baked potato was also wonderful and very large.  I ended up taking half my meal home and was really happy that they let us sit quite awhile to chat with our friends after our meal was over (we were way too full for dessert however the server brought us a complimentary slice of key lime pie which my husband and friends said were fabulous I just was too full to try it) we never were rushed out and they kept refilling our drinks I can't wait to go back.  Was always a fan of Houston's in NYC and this was very much the same and enjoyed the jazzy low music in the background and the dim lighting that was warm and relaxing.
-o_qtnxf_3upxkltWeGcLg	xY1sPHTA2RGVFlh5tZhs9g	4	0	I was here over Memorial Weekend with my friend. We waited 10 minutes and got a great table outside.Our server was so friendly and helped up with suggestions. We probably ordered to much, but some how we did manage to eat it all.I highly recommend their burrata. It was the 2nd best I've ever had. And we had 2 different meats & the olives. The serving sizes on the meats was very generous given the price. the olives were delish too.Give this place a try if you haven't yet. Also, the decor is really cool.
apRnl5ZS2FvbehoqSuOTqg	nInabwjYRoTe8nc6X_dYkg	1	0	Sadly with new owners comes changes on menu.  My fav Barbecue chicken saladno longer has a hint of the same taste. It should now be called flavor of tomato.  Also sad to find out that the most outstanding veggie sandwich now tastes like it comes from another country. Again not a single hint of similarity of same flavor. Im sure many people will love these new changes.  Yet, Im sad it's not the same. I woke up today dreaming about the old veggie sandwich! No joking!!!!!!!!!
jhQmEtAS-2m57ie0cVzMzg	6nseTZb6WrGWcithRThfag	4	0	At first I was disappointed with Padre's menu.  I usually get tacos, rice, and beans, and they only had soft tacos.  But then I ventured out and got this amazing beef burrito that came with rice and beans.  Really glad I tried it.I was also pleased to see that they had Sol beer on the menu.  It is my favorite Mexican cerveza, and I usually can't find it in restaurants.
0_4XOZ-O239bx04chvU_ug	xsSnuGCCJD4OgWnOZ0zB4A	4	0	Wings are not my favorite type of food, and I find most "wing bars" to be about the same. So when the East Valley Friday Night (#EVFN) Tweetup headed here I didn't have high hopes.The wings were good, the beer was even better. I was honestly impressed by the excellent selection on tap, including some crazy stuff I had never head of before.  It satisfies both the Pickiest Vegetarian and Pickiest Beer Snob I know, so is on my list of places to take just about anyone to relax and have a good time.
G-aG9nPvovalTDJAFqZNPQ	rLv5DPLnO67TCHIbbBWYPA	2	0	I am from NYC and have been in Phoenix for a few months! This Native NY'er is within walking distance from my hotel. I've been going their for about two months on Friday and Saturday nights for food, drinks and the karaoke. The food was OK, the drinks specials were good and the service was also good. The problem is that when a confrontation erupted at the bar the staff did not respond quilckly to notify the police. So, I ended up geting injured and when I asked them to call the police the did not, I had to. And after the episode they said they hoped It would not affect me not coming back again! Not even a comp or something! Just an I'm sorry what happened! I will not be returning at all. I looked over my nine charges on my statements and seen I had spent over $300 their. There loss!
4n23hhnN38BXQna8DynvWQ	j0mNAIzwRH1QHTuMQaYX1g	2	1	So I am an occasional shopper here at this market.. for a few reasons: we love their in-house made corn tortillas; they have a good selection of mexican treats (Bimbo breads and coconut bars) and if I'm buying conventional produce, their prices can't be beat.  Also, their pan Bolillo is really good and cheap and their cakes (3 Leches) are pretty damn good.OK, so here is where the minus comes in.. the BIG minus.My husband and I used to go occasionally for breakfast (I'd usually order simple, straightforward things like carne asada tacos.. don't get much simpler than meat in a corn tortilla).. well, the last time we did this, I found my meat... ready?... wait for it... to be the color blue and purple.  I had brown meat, but I had pieces of it that were blue and purple... no effin' joke.  I thought it was a trick of the eye, but I closely examined it and ... sho'nuff, that shit was blue and purple.  I immediately threw away my dish and never have I since ordered meat from their kitchen side.That being said, I've also become more cautious in buying meats here... not to sound like a snob, but you bet I'm not buying my next cut of beef here!  I'm cool with their breads and their cakes and tortillas and such, but if it comes to meat, I'm out the door.I much prefer Pro's Ranch Market - the REAL Ranch Market.
xHg82RqrCuNCUIColUmzfA	oXKPSI-RUqOvmuSCh_DEQQ	4	1	I'm from California and every time I visit Arizona I have to make a stop here. The ambiance is very nice and classy and located in a great/fun area. The bar and drinks are great and the food is fantastic. Like i said, I'm from California and live in the Bay Area, so I thought I knew what great seafood was - wrong! Who knew that the desert had better (well almost better) seafood than San Francisco or Monterey Bay?  I had the Vanilla Battered Sole with Gorgonzola Mac & Cheese - Amazing! Never tasted anything like that - I recommend that this place be the first stop to anybody looking for a fun night out.
eX2xmJE_yRxEw0MK-sjxDQ	-AAig9FG0s8gYE4f8GfowQ	5	0	The mozzarella tomato and basil sandwich is the BEST sandwich in Phoenix, hands down. If you haven't been to Pane Bianco you are truly missing out.
sfiGruMcgQigquvfOyrdPg	6nseTZb6WrGWcithRThfag	3	0	I've had this groupon for Padre's that had been burning a hole in my pocket for a long time! Finally as it neared expiration date I ventured into Phoenix to try it out. It's a cute little restaurant with a really cool red door!FYI - there's a check-in deal here! $.01 margarita! Mmhmm you saw that right! Certainly not the best I have had by any means but you can't really go wrong for that price right?After ordering our drinks we decided to splurge on an appetizer so we started out with the Queso Fundido. I was so excited about it because hey it should be all about the cheese and as a Wisconsin boy, I'm all about it! Unfortunately it was more about the spinach and not so much about the queso - it tasted really good, just missing a lot of the main ingredient in my opinion...He ordered the Mexico City Fajitas! Really well cooked chicken, with the right amount of everything! Super good! I ordered the Pollo Rellano. The chicken (as in the previous dish) was really well cooked but was lacking on the stuffed part. So it was good - just nothing wow worthy. My dish came with side of guajillo mashed potatoes - which look like a pile of mashed sweet potatoes - I personally wasn't a huge fan of the taste but as usual I'll finish my plate anyway :)The service was pretty good, it was just a very laid back environment, which I wasn't really expecting for some reason.I'm not dying to go back by any means but if someone wanted to try it out I would go again!
V_KiwceE5IUmlEv4GCoXgQ	Bc4DoKgrKCtCuN-0O5He3A	5	1	Was looking for something refreshing for a nightcap on a hot Scottsdale night. You will not be disappointed. The sorbet was really tasty and refreshing.
WWIDk0nUo4H2nROGeVHE7g	XhdMiSn0b3O929YpjVBMHw	4	2	I love a place that lets me do whatever I want. I can go to this place and scarf down a whole bunch of pretty good tasting frozen yogurt for 160 some-odd calories. I can pig out on Thrifty Brand Ice Cream - oh joy! I can pretend I am in Hawaii and have shave-ice (snow cones to mainlanders). I can get a puppy cup of frozen yogurt for my dog. How COOL is THAT??? I can get quarts of stuff to bring home. AND - here's the big one....the people are actually really, really nice! Okay - I've read the other reviews - the frozen yogurt is good - nothing that will drive you to ecstacy - but good enough to hit that "I need something cold and frozen" spot. My dog loves the lo-cal treat. So, depending on the Length of my hike, it is yogurt, ice cream, sometimes both......you get double punches on Wednesday and the puppy cup is free if you bring your puppy.
xwtg_u6SUTwo7n9smSJaHw	r4AG1WXCRWkZKQctrcy9FA	5	0	still a big fan, wonderful pizza!!!-- Remember to join their birthday club!!!-
BJ29byDvNAvqsAdlQngeYw	QzXFdjIbFRGhzL83goPPLA	3	1	The best thing was the dessert. Shrimp was alright. Nothing to write home about. Wesabi chicken was lacking.
tPgHu1UT0ZW23vVKuC5y7g	jJhNOhuGpIsJX5SEUFFWYQ	5	1	You like hotdogs?  Motor (thats me) says get in your Mommy's oldsmobuick and get over to TEDS!  AND you sissys that like "sonoran" style dogs talking smack about Teds, go back to Tucson and eat your fru fru pineapple topped dogs with peanut butter.   This is old style, 4th of July chargrilled hotdogs and hamburgers.  Makes my mouth water.  Ok so visualize and taste this in your mind.  First the juicy hamburgers that have the hardwood charcoal taste that makes your mouth water.  The crispy ice berg lettuce, juicy tomato and onion make this a purist burger lover's dream.  Real good home made taste.   So now act you like you always do on the 4th of July and get an all beef hotdog.  First a warning.  You will crave their hotdogs after you eat em.  The crispy plump skin that cracks in your mouth and the taste is like when you were a kid and watching the fire works on the fourth.  Add the spicy brown mustard with their ketchup "hot sauce" and buddy you got yourself dilemma.  The dilemma you ask? Is do you order one more hotdog cause they are soooo goood!  Try the Italian for a spicy dog.  Don't start with me on the fries and onion rings.  Just make sure you wear your fat pants.  Motor out and going back for another dog.
uwGWwL5FLlNZUdokJlVbYQ	yc5AH9H71xJidA_J2mChLA	4	1	This place is right up my alley.Smithwick's on tap- checkAwesome fish & chips (award-winning for a good reason)- checkGood pub vibe accompanied by live music- checkA nice soccer following (the unofficial bar for Glasgow Celtic supporters- not my club, but good enough)- checkI'll go with 4 & 1/4 stars.
8skcfVFQq5S3FyS4Ew6q2w	QSCeI8HdUluG-YmbDWo-fw	5	0	I've ordered pizza and wings three times and the have consistently created perfection, seriously.
ftTgregq0XLWbANHpKVuMg	KBKDl08flVw1AqvM5ucVpA	4	0	I FINALLY tried Fuego Tacos and I really really am a fan! So here I was with a Yelp deal and an upcoming national taco day. I do like I do and text some of the InstagramAZ honeys to meet me up at the esplinade for a mini sunset photo walk and an excuse to have some margartias. What an amazing combo for a Ladies Night! First off the starter chips and salsa was bomb! BOOM! the salsa has like chipotle flavor, not runny but hearty like steak! hahaha! We also ordered a few Queso appetizers. Dang... Let me say we could have been fine with that and our margaritas. Just kidding! Of course we all order food! Tacos galore and delicious! Seasoned to perfection and sided with really good rice and beans. I am super picky about my rice, 'cuz you know, no one makes it like Nana used to. Not even moms. But I was really impressed! I am definitely coming back to this spotty and checking out all the other Fuego restaurants!Oh! And they had no problem honouring my Yelp deal. Over all a very pleasant experience!
mBM0uQzbnrkoQoNl0LDcnA	V1nEpIRmEa1768oj_tuxeQ	5	1	Very very good lunch spot!  Was a little disappointed when I found out they didn't have pizza on their lunch menu. But when I tasted the prosciutto "sandwich", I didn't mind anymore. It was a great meal with a relaxing & great ambiance!
6RdVTsl-UaWEv80hYhS_3w	KGX7O-_WqOIy9o7u9NOa9A	5	0	My fav Mexican place by far!  They make the most delicious chicken tortilla soup and tacos I've ever eaten. Fresh ingredients and the owners are super nice. Love this place!
FqREFhToDVD7PQBRJxdfUQ	0kZ4aYmqf5fzTt9Yvz8Kvw	4	1	Ok reviewing the Waffle House is kinda lame, but here goes.  If you have lived in America at any point in the last 50 years you know they have good waffles and hash browns.  Is it the best breakfast option you could possibly encounter, well no.  It's just every once in awhile I find I just want Waffle House. ( Fond late night memories from college I would guess. )  It can be for breakfast, lunch, dinner, whenever.So what does this location have going for it that makes it better than the average Waffle House?1. Lots of parking2. It's not in a shady part of town3. It has a really nice staff 4. They are fairly speedy5. The restaurant is cleanSo there you go if you have a craving for waffles and hash browns then this is one of the better WH in the area.
OOAy8__OXk7fsLN4x-IHHg	DvPsl-CtYj3Q5GnOgClyew	4	0	This is now Amore Sports Grill. Try the sausage & peppers, they are to die for.
ucvMSywUrCWOPoYL1M2plg	ZJxs1L4oMhX9GW00ty0aAg	3	1	ive been here 100 times for all types of events and its a great place to eat, drink, and watch sports. I love the parmesaean garlic, teriyaki, and habenero sauces. The monthly beer specials isnt a bad deal for a tall domestic. Fries are also pretty good.
qUJiEs-lG9x8faXMKXipbA	zG_wv69bsllw_PWhOmoAKQ	4	1	I have eaten here four or five times.  We always get the mussels to start, and they are always delicious and cooked just right.  The broth is great for dipping the bread in, although I could probably just use a straw.  The fish of the day was halibut.  It was very flavorful, but maybe just a tad overcooked.  The scallops were wonderful.  Great wine selection.  This place a lively atmosphere.  Not too noisy to hear across the table, but a good vibe.  The service was excellent.
SmEXyv2RXZHQsLVjfh0jkw	SYHatptm7gpcmYjW1d-o5A	1	1	Easily the worst "burrito" I have ever had.It amazes my that anyone would choose to eat at this chain. I bet the rations they serve from the back of UN trucks to refugees is better.
-KQF0w78TeG7xhT1DrWtnQ	b5cEoKR8iQliq-yT2_O0LQ	4	0	Awesome atmosphere and a unique place to go. I ordered the habanero burger and it really lit me up. As I was nearly finished the waiter remembered it is supposed to come with a free glass of milk (which I didn't get).
alOgydV6AcU8MIe6wazV2g	8T8B_xK10FuO6MBOFcVQ3w	4	2	The hubs & I have been coming here for a couple years now. We usually hit the drive thru. Always get the same thing, butterburgers w/fries/onion rings & a concrete mixer. The employees are always super friendly & always offer our doggy a treat. Definitely our go to spot when we're in the mood for burgers & frozen custard.
OZxAQ6dlqcX4RTmc9M04vQ	GfMRsE7rYqNyfC6wUYZkzA	5	2	Love all their dishes!
hIKce9nWq7VuZ_z7JpD3lw	uPRz5JI11QQpwgNnSZZzaQ	2	1	Highest gas  prices in the valley!
29xSkJ1Dc7myBWgLFi21TA	GeHwru6TVDyVErFc92Nn2w	4	0	We went to Central Grille on Thanksgiving for their buffet.  Good food, excellent service and very nice ambiance.  We asked to sit outside and the weather was great for it.  Great place to sit back, relax and enjoy some food.  While I didn't drink they had a pretty good wine and beer list.  I will go back, enjoyed the experience.
bixk3FHce0aPJatX0wOZ9Q	muCl5p-9ut1sY0aKeUeRhw	5	2	Yum yum yum. Husband and I first went there early on a First Friday night and were pleasantly surprised to be seated right away. We didn't want anything too heavy since we were planning on doing some walking so we split the Spanish cheese plate which was delightful. The fig cake is delicious!! Splitting the plate made the bill pretty affordable and it was just enough to fill us up without overdoing it.The server was very helpful in suggesting a champagne for me and red wine for husband. Don't remember what we had but my champagne had a strawberry in it and was perfectly bubbly. Ambiance and decor is nice and mellow. We've since been back with friends and it has been enjoyable for both a date night and chatting it up with people. Enjoy!
RKXoQcfWnfut6f079zZN5Q	B8ujMtvvpHyEQ2r_QlAT2w	5	1	I hardly ever get past their carne adovada. It's simply amazing. Add a couple of extra homemade tortillas to it? Can't be beat! I have had their pecan crusted sea bass also, along with lamb chops (chipotle?) both very, very good. Great atmosphere, friendly, competent staff...a winning combination. Get there early! Long waits after 6:00pm!!
dfOxbp4WxFHiNWUtzbOu4A	mhQCxOiqp03qnhGRTtPduw	5	0	Great customer service, nice owner. The broth here is actually the best ive tasted in Arizona.
KpN9kZeDJwovSXvUCWNWMg	STv-ED3M2xmRFMSvQbWGaw	4	0	The Capistrami is the best thing ever.  Hot pastrami, swiss cheese, cole slaw and a russian dressing.  I'm addicted to this sandwich, but of course, there are worse vices.  This sandwich screams 'eat me' even when I'm completely full.  It's okay, the pain I feel later is justified by how amazing it tasted earlier.  They have a good selection of chips and also make fresh baked cookies.  Service is on par.  Love it.  If I had to pick one gripe, the bread could probably be a little bit better, but that's minor in light of how great the food is here.
OxXv1VCFhhsV158mFgN7Zw	YxMnfznT3eYya0YV37tE8w	3	0	I liked the fish.  It was delicious.  The cole slaw was also very tasty.  Not too sweet.  A bit tangy.  I like that.  The shrimp was okay.  A bit rubbery, but then what does one might expect for a seafood place in the middle of a desert?My biggest problem with this place was the price of the food.  It is just too expensive for what amounts to frozen food plopped into a deep fryer.  I could buy frozen fish at the grocery store and then come home and plop it into my little deep fryer and it would taste about the same and be a lot cheaper.  I just wish it wasn't so expensive.  Especially considering this in the hood.  If you know what I mean.  I don't mind driving down to the hood for some fried fish, but only if it is reasonably priced.
Ahc76drU_s4y_9UQzSfuVQ	VSPuvNSDUvlTl670lVAkkw	5	0	Yup. It's all true. Great food, super charming place, very intimate. We sat outside on the patio under a heat lamp. Enjoyed the olives as a starter, as well as some fried raviolis (yes, please) and a caprese salad app.  Outstanding artisan pizza, with as good a crust as I've ever had, and homemade mozzarella. Wine was just ok, but very reasonable. Server was attentive, helpful and friendly. Owner came by a couple times to check in on us and was absolutely delightful. Deduct a point for the proximity to the Handlebar J Saloon and the faux-cowboys arriving in limos with 10-gallon hats. Then add a point back for the near-fight we got to watch between a biker and the faux-cowboy who almost hit him with his Cadillac.We'll be back, and with more friends.
TJR-Q8_09ae1bICoTLk6_w	14K90G-hbfk795NY7cKxMA	4	4	I really expected crappy food, because, after all, that's what sports bars generally offer.  Then I was told that the food was not bad, but good!  Which only made me eye my table mates suspiciously.  I ordered the tacos al carbon which comes with cilantro lime rice.  these are three street taco sized dealies that have steak in them and come with a little shot of pico and queso.Now like I said, I expected crap.  But the tacos, with pico and queso poured on them, and grease dribbling out into a glorious puddle on the plate, were really amazingly good.  The steak bits were really tender--ordinarily in such a taco they'd be the tenderness of jerky.  Really: the tacos were totally sensational.Also, we ordered a buffalo chicken flatbread which is essentially a pizza.  And it was great!  even with the bleu cheese, which I detest, this was a culinary delight.So why the four stars, you ask?  two reasons.  One: the cilantro lime rice is offensively bad, like straight out of a box of rice-a-roni bad.  I would have preferred kibbles and bits as a side item.And one other thing: it was happy hour and for a while they were serving beer OUT OF PITCHERS THAT WERE IN THE REFRIGERATOR INSTEAD OF STRAIGHT OUT OF THE TAP!  Capital crime.  Felonious.  In fact, Dante wrote about a circle of hell where all they did was serve beer out of pitchers instead of straight from the tap.So you should know that although the beer serving would usually be a four star deduction and I'd never look back, I didn't drink beer tonight and so I really don't care if my table mates suffer.  But if you try that shit on me...Four stars.  The food is really damn good.
4HauhOnomrQxb3KPvIm_cA	NA3tQYxR6Fq5O8nV6u41Tw	4	1	True, you throw your peanut shells on the floor. And yes, my Asian family has gotten some curious looks when we've ventured here. ALL worth it. Great steaks, the sides that come with the meal are SMASHING, and the sweet bread rolls and cinnamon butter? Those are worth the trip alone, for reals. The portions are huge - and you know how sometimes food tastes worse when made in large quantities at restaurants? everything is still really good (I recommend the house salad and the chili). Did I mention that bread? We always ask for a basket refill and then take it home. haha.My family's go-to restaurant for a good steak dinner. I could do without the hokey Western thing, though. Yeah, not much for theme dining.
1z8Z2VJUXl-6psEVGXyqIw	6ie9xvy2WW1pn7RuBvGNhg	4	0	Friendly staff, clean restaurant, good food.  Our favourite - filet & chicken kabobs.  Patio seating with fans - great with a Blue Moon when the weather is nice.
sYvIF5BHPK7L-DeHmwl8SA	EHi-lebXGWjSktl4WvSoow	5	0	Had a celebratory lunch for a colleague today. We had a group of ten. Service and ambiance were great. I had the best burger I can remember. It was Lon's special burger; expensive at $16 but worth every penny.  Highly recommend.
3BvSyX9kVKVRqRbpz-eqEw	F-ykHfGY9lWr12OJ_Ofy7A	4	1	Well it was St. Patrick's day and I could not think of anywhere to go but here, that might be celebrating. Oh the were definately into it up in here! haha patrons and staff were both decked out for the day in green and with hats, tee-shirts, plastic jewlery and just about anything you can find related to the day.The crowd was happy and I talked to a lot more people than on the average stop in. The dining room and bar were both filled. The Irish music was filling the place, the green beer was flowing as one might expect at a discounted rate. There was a corn beef & cabbage plate special being offered up as well as the usual menu items and the Wed .40 cent wing deal they now have started. There was St Paddys day decoration and give aways from happy hour into the evening. A fun and lively pub it was. My only complaint was that drinks were all being served in limp little plastic cups; mixed drinks and the beer.
uIayR5rIp73fB_1k01s6Qg	JW6fDZOuUKtJyZGeldh0xA	2	2	I'm always searching for quality food at a fair price for lunch.  There are tons of sit down expensive lunch places and lots of fast food (junk food) places too.  When I read the reviews on Chestnut Lane I hustled right on over.  The concept is right on but the execution leaves a LOT to be desired.  First challenge is getting a parking place and I was lucky.  The line to order didn't look too bad when I arrived so i was feeling lucky.  However, the line took forever to move forward causing the people waiting to shuffle back and forth in a very confined space as there was lots of foot traffic trying to enter and exit.  The woman at the register took each order, processed the payment, and then proceeded to prepare the drinks  and sides for each order.  The drinks are somewhat specialty items and are kind of labor intensive, especially considering that the order line is at a total standstill.  SLOW!  After way too long a wait, I finally was able to order...then the real wait began!  It was a good 25 minutes before my order came up and it was just a TURKEY SANDWICH!  I felt lucky, though, as the woman ahead of me in line was still waiting for her SANDWICH after I had finished mine and was driving away!Sometimes a long wait is mitigated by the awesomeness of the food.  Well, at Chestnut Lane this is unfortunately not the case.  I mean it was a decent turkey sandwich, but when I saw the almost $16 charge for a TURKEY SANDWICH and ICED TEA I was expecting something fabulous.  It wasn't all that.  If you decide to go to Chestnut Lane, maybe you could park in the spacious Jack-in-the Box lot just to the east.  And grab a Breakfast Jack to hold you over during your long wait!
OCtlAqr3igeU2sv5I1u-cQ	9Ep4sguv3HH_8lWyzSogjw	4	0	Yummy, this place is great. Good burgers and you get to choose everything yourself the meat the cheese what type of sauce or veggies you want. Your not tied to a box at this place and it shows the meats are all fresh and the cheese and veggies are all top quality. I recently ate here with my family and at first thought it was a little expensive about 11.00 a burger after cheese and stuff. My personal burger was like $15.00 after I got kobe beef and horseradish cheese but the burger was very good. After thinking about it for a while it dawned on me that a Whopper is like 6 dollars and this was easily 3 to 4 times better then a Whopper. I recommend it if your looking for a good burger all natural no hormones and an entire gluten free menu.
lyGntT95a-OlXAI4Y7SyUg	-h-q6zTIdPlkz9BDP11sBg	3	4	The Family and I went back here on Saturday night. The food is just as spectacular as it was the first time we went! The service however was just not good. Our waiter seemed dazed and confused the whole time we were there. And slllllow. He also forgot stuff, I ordered a second glass of wine mid dinner and it never came, and I was never given the option to remind him because he did not come back until it was time to clear the plates! We sat at our table, all of us with empty plates for a good 10-15 minutes with out anyone coming by to clear them. We just sat there. Not cool, and its not like he was in another section, there was a table he was at 3 separate times that was directly behind ours, he just chose to ignore ours. We will go back as we do like the food and atmosphere and hopefully the service will improve.
iZmySSvFpqwTAGlcld47Ng	luCSjoNQ9q_0QIjKKOy2pQ	4	0	Great beer selecton, and the white pizza is delicious!  Good hang out spot wit sports on the big screen and board games/darts if that's your thing.  They also have a wide selection of exotic beer for sale.  This is a beer paradise!
UjcA-veGAIoheZjz_3WeQQ	TgxDGx7L_JICWbuBUCGVqw	4	1	A great place for group celebrations, Fajitas serves up its signature dish in 1/2 pound increments, including chicken, beef, pork, shrimp and vegetarian. Served with sides-- lettuce, salsa, cheese, pico, etc-- and warm tortillas, the fajitas always taste great. There's little reason to stray elsewhere on the menu, other than appetizers and additional sides.
fg7q0GxO-jwTJhmijzVrhQ	166feddAL9YETnzTSUJ8aA	3	0	So I went here twice and I hated it the first time.  I don't know if I got a bad cut of meat or what, but my burrito was a bit too fatty.  I think it was the red chile burrito, or something.Having said that, I recently gave it another shot and and went for the carne asada burrito.  Very, very good.  The cut of the beef is a little thicker than the usual Salazar's or Filiberto's burrito, but it was really good regardless.  Oh, and the beans in there were awesome, too.  It didn't have guacamole and I didn't notice till it was too late, but I'll be sure to get some in there next time.Overall, I give it 3 stars because i really hated my first visit, but their carne asada is completely legit.
LWob6jdkvZa_aGsifYQLEw	5kRug3bEienrpovtPRVVwg	2	1	I was expecting more since there are so many 5 star reviews on yelp. Three friends and I tried Rokerij for the first time on Saturday. We had a reservation for 6:30. The specials are on a blackboard above your head behind you if you are seated in the booths. You have the practically get out to read them. The paper menus have a lot of abbreviations so you have to keep remembering what the letters mean. I don't want to work that hard. Can't you just spell out the words? I ordered the surf and turf from the Richardson's side of the menu. What was delivered was an unappetizing mess. The plate and everything on it was covered in a chili sauce. It looked like dog food with a piece of steak in the middle. Really it was a terrible presentation. My husband's plate looked the same. The other two at our table ordered from the Rokerij side and at least it looked a lot better. The two bacon wrapped shrimp were flavorful and my steak was over cooked for medium but OK. I could have skipped the messy beans or at least they could put them in a cup. I may try them again but just for happy hour and I'll keep the Rokerij side of the menu.
VFVYYw7c13CmoUIseHXlTQ	PxeX1M8WtyPxX1MuuGIh-g	4	4	How have I not sang Scott's praises yet? Well, here I go! Do you want a place for a good, solid, stick to your ribs breakfast without being too frou frou? Scott's is the joint! It's a Jewish deli in the middle of my neighborhood! I was so surprised that I hadn't noticed it before! Chrissy P invited me to join her for breakfast one morning and I was just blown away! On my first visit, I had the eggs Benedict. My only complaint was that my eggs were a tad overcooked, (not runny) and I wished for more hollandaise sauce. For my second visit, I brought my little sis and her BFF and we chowed! I had the Hash Mash and we shared an order of the french toast. I don't know why I challenged myself to my own personal "how much breakfast can you stuff into your stomach" contest, but I think I won. Everything was so good! There was nothing to complain about. I wish I could go to Scott's every day for a hearty breakfast! The dishes are simple, the service is straight forward, and I have NEVER walked away hungry. I will return very, very soon!
8kg8PJWeltCQxvqgEAadig	hfl62LX14YqNpG0g0Tj6_Q	4	1	We were gifted a Groupon for Fuego and had the pleasure of dining there on Friday night. We did not have a reservation, which would have helped us sit outside, but we were seated inside right away. The host was very pleasant and welcoming. Much has already been praised about this little gem, and I agree with all of the accolades regarding the atmosphere, the service, the food...it was all wonderful. We had the Fuego salad, which was huge and lovely (although I would have liked some diced onions on it; maybe I'll ask next time), the tortilla soup (husband raved about this), the Pulled Pork with cheddar chipotle mashed potatoes and maple-glazed carrots, and the panko-breaded chicken breast with creamed jalapeno corn and maple-glazed carrots. In all it was delectable. The entrees were succulent and nicely plated. I particularly loved the creamed corn, which was perfectly spicy and helped clear by sinuses (I succumbed to a bad cold the next day, so maybe I need some more!).The only thing I would not order again is the carrots. I didn't feel these added anything to our dinners. The maple taste was pretty subtle, to the point of being nonexistent. Also, I think that if you're going to put yourself out there as an upscale restaurant, go the extra mile and use real carrots instead of the bagged "baby carrots" that you can find so readily on cafeteria lines. It will look better. Our waiter forgot to charge us for the soup. I pointed this out, and he comped us anyway. I will definitely continue to patronize an establishment that empowers its staff to make decisions like that without worrying that they're going to get a dock in pay.We'll be back, probably first to try out the amazing-looking Happy Hour!
sjcP6BpAr80mXlUfD7f2dA	SDwYQ6eSu1htn8vHWv128g	4	0	Great! came here with my girlfriend and my mom and left very satisfied! We ordered some of there apparently famous bruschetta, some panini and a bottle of their Zweigel wine from Austria and it was all fantastic! I highly recommend going there and at least getting some wine and bruschetta if nothing else, it is well worth you time!Keep singing,-Jerron
rOGsQLINCnMHjogRuAFhHw	wct7rZKyZqZftzmAU-vhWQ	4	4	Best Thai I have found in Phoenix, so far.  This is not just excellent Thai food for Phoenix, this is excellent Thai food for the Bay Area.  It's that good.  Thai Lahna's food will intrude into your thoughts for days after you eat here.  Like gustatory flashbacks, you will find yourself thinking about how wonderfully flavorful everything was.We had dinner here with Christine O & Myles (+1) and shared 2 appetizers and 4 entrees.  We had Chicken Satay and Angel Wings.  The Satay was the least interesting item we had, it was merely good.  Everything else was great.Our entrees were Phaht Thai which we ordered with no spice and Khung Nahm Prik Pow which was sauteed shrimp with roasted curry paste, onions, chili, bell peppers and mushrooms.  Our friends ordered a spicy pineapple fried rice and a beef dish which I can't recall the name of.  All of the dishes were richly flavorful and had plenty of sauce to carry over to the steamed rice.One enjoyable highlight was the point counter-point going from the spicy heat of the rice to the almost sweet sauciness of the Phaht Thai.  We can't wait to get back here and try more dishes.My only complaint about this place is that they need to put some sort of tinting on the windows to a height of about 3 feet.  When cars are pulling into the spots right in front of the restaurant some diners were blinded by the headlights.
FHo3Zk0LJ6REZ4bLoDBIQg	-6O53B-ksqSKzWM6Y9moEQ	4	0	This location has 2 businesses. A bar and a grill. I never entered the bar. I only eat at the grill for breakfast. I love the food though. This is a great, greasy spoon when you don't care about exotic "gourmet" concoctions an upscale location or an eye catching electronic sign. This place serves your standard menu items. Quality food,  reasonable prices and low overhead. Just the way I like it! The other reviewers commented on the owner and her abrasive nature. I agree she is abrasive but only at first glance. She is funny and sweet if you give her a chance.
88pcmUu2Lsv_6vOKH81lHw	DlCtdbceo4YNSI53cCL2lg	3	8	I had business downtown this morning, so I stopped in here for lunch, right around the corner.  I used to go to OSF in Newport Beach, CA way back in the '70s, & I was somewhat amazed that they are still around & that there's one in Phoenix!Stepping inside, this is the most junked-up restaurant I've ever been to!!!  Ok, except maybe Bahooka Ribs & Grog!*  It's a big place, with soft lighting inside, & rooms all over the place stuffed with tons of furniture, barrels, & so on, cluttering up every one of them!  It's all on purpose, of course, & my booth in the midst of all this craziness was actually completely ok.  (The floor elevation is up & down all over the place, too!) Ok, so for my first time (in about 35 years!) I just ordered the "Pasta Classics - Rich Meat Sauce", which is their way of saying, "Spaghetti."Some good things:*  I started with a cup of coffee, & it was excellent!*  Pretty soon came a mixed lettuce salad, which was simple, but the Ranch Dressing was really tasty!*  The next thing to hit the table was a little loaf about three by eight inches of hot Sourdough bread, with a cup of whipped garlic butter, all on a breadboard with a suitable knife for cutting it.  It was great!!A couple of less wonderful things:*  Some girl (from the kitchen?) brought my spaghetti before I was finished with my salad.*  I thought the spaghetti sauce was ok, but not great.Bottom line:  They give you plenty to eat here.  My meal included the beverage, salad (or soup), the hot bread, entree, & dessert.  It was nice & filling, & a good value at $9.99 for everything.    :-)*  Rosemead, CA (& formerly also West Covina).
75WRKGIQMMXhKMeUuCIY3w	LYyGQgL60VKdV-p_9OxmWQ	5	1	Unlike other reviewers, I didn't like the buffet, though my friends from work think it's a good value. However, I've been going for dinner to Flavors of India for nearly three years now, and have ALWAYS liked the food. FOI is my first choice for Indian cuisine in Phoenix, out of the four other Indian restaurants in the valley I've tried. Yes, FOI is in a strip mall, but once inside, the ambiance is pleasant. It seems quite clean, I never got sick from anything I ate there (that's saying a lot, as I admit to being a fussy eater), and the waitstaff is helpful. Bollywood videos on the large flat-screen wall display in the corner are an unusual feature, but the volume is low or completely muted, so you can watch or choose not to, it isn't distracting.   (Here's a footnote about that: I ate at FOI on the night of the presidential primary election. My dining companion noticed that most of the waitstaff was gathered around the TV in the bar, watching electoral results, so he asked our waiter if we could watch too. After getting the enthusiastic okay from the two other occupied tables, it was quite late in the evening, silent Bollywood was replaced by live news coverage with volume turned on).Regarding the food: I love their mattar paneer (cooked peas in a tasty curried gravy, with small cubes of homemade mild-tasting cheese).  My super-spicy friend gets the lamb vindaloo (super-spiced as he requests).  Tandoori shrimp, chicken and tikka masala are good though a bit pricier, the samosa appetizer (lightly battered and deep-fried cut vegetables) is fresh, warm and crunchy. Regular and garlic nan bread are everything they should be, biryani rice is overpriced (I'd stick with basmati rice as a side dish), and sweet lassi (a well-chilled dairy drink, similar in taste and consistency to a vanilla yogurt smoothy) is a nice treat. My spicy friend says his gin-and-tonic was weak, and they don't have ingredients to make a Bloody Mary, but hey, FOI is an Indian restaurant, so I can't fault them too much for that! Other pluses: open a bit later than many Phoenix restaurants (seating ends at 9:30 pm); very fast with takeout orders; there's lots of parking; the 16 North bus stop is nearby; silverware, glasses, white cotton tablecloths and napkins are always spotlessly clean.
aKDiEOhSMwcq0IHH8Ra7WA	7QSYBp2-AOdyUJXEaLnbgA	5	0	The chicken was unreal good!  And, the cornbread, just as reviewers stated was heavenly.  It was light and very good!
VCyJyiitF6UjJIIeaTuuuQ	PZv6SPORD9ivj4jwKvGgjQ	2	0	This is a some what conflicted review.  Again, I wish Yelp would allow us to review multiple things. The staff was extremely friendly (maybe a tad too talkative), the location was nice and clean.  The food LOOKED great.The pizza just wasn't that good. It's just way too sweet. And when I say sweet,  it's so extreme that it overshadows anything else about their pizza.  It's so different in taste, it makes it seem like the wrong sauce was used. (I know it wasn't)If you don't like sweet sauce, then order something else as their was nothing else remotely wrong with the rest of my dinner. It's just I've had about 1000 other better pizzas.
GoMNItcEppD35cWj2QZFew	qXQ3ZBdwI3GlbR5-eYWqNA	4	5	I went to Saba's feeling a little scared.  Fast food Greek in a strip mall?  This could go one of two ways...surprisingly good or health code violation bad.  I am very glad to say it didn't end being the latter.  In fact, the food here was pretty damn good.  I did expect Saba's to be an order at the counter joint, so I was a little disappointed to see it was actually a tiny restaurant.  I like my Greek fast and cheap, okay?  But I got over it, got a table and began the interminable wait for our server to stop chatting with other diners and take our order.The menu has all the normal Greek items, including falafel- little fried balls of joy I might add- gyros, vegetarian platters, spanakopita and dolmas.  Prices for the sandwiches and gyros are pretty cheap, but when you venture into the platter territory, you're going to pay for it. Platters start around $10 and go up.  I ordered the falafel, of course, and so did my boyfriend.  The pita sandwiches don't come with any sides, so we ordered a basket of fries to go along with our meal.The dcor was pretty cool with big pictures of Greece all over the walls and the classic Greek music piped in.  Unfortunately, not even the Greek music could mask the hideous, loud tool of a diner that was sitting at the table in front of me. He was one of those idiots that has to talk so loud, even the half-deaf cook in the kitchen can hear him.  He was so loud I felt like I should respond to his questions.  Hey moron- saying things like "I like it loose, like my women," is just not funny.Anyways, when we finally got our food, it was really good.  The falafel pita and the fries were tasty, but our server sucked.  He obviously knew the loud tool, and kept chatting with him while we waited for our check.  That was a little annoying, but overall, Saba's is a good choice for a quick Greek meal.
5FSz9K2wb8P6fpCfhAglkQ	JiLK9QPjd53pOBEAaY83lw	4	0	I love the Penang Curry at the Thai House! Better than any other place I've had. Too, the lunch special is one of the best deals in town. The spring rolls are pretty good, although I'm not crazy about the sauce, it's a bit too thick and sticky for my liking. The service is okay, during lunch they could use additional help, servers are literally jogging to service their tables. Overall, it's a great spot - I'm definitely eating there a few times a month if not more.
3BiFRC-W8IY2QQbx7v8cWA	DRuE7KNz8vGR1_X1h9fiSA	4	1	If its cold, creamy ,sweet, and I can put many a topping of choice on it and its fat free and low calories, I'm all in. Golden spoon is this and more. Simply delicious flavors and all around good. Need I say more?
b6wmNM-d15ii_VAdEmstZg	MAFjNfDWJRgWCw8IOC7mew	4	0	My wife and I ate here when we were in town for the B&J auto auction.  The food was good and affordable.  We liked the fact that they had a full bar and we were able to have a couple of tasty Margaritas.  Staff was friendly overall we had a good dining experience.
NeLthtGs80ad0BFE7yjv0w	ujLZmyy11g1JHCQTxRA3Dw	3	3	I don't know why I waited so long to try this place when it is literally right around the corner from my house.  I think its because I went to the one in Ahwatukee a long time ago and didn't care for the food.  But I don't think they have the same owners since the websites are totally different.  But anyway, on to the review.We ordered takeout and I was very impressed with how nicely it was all packaged and how quickly it was ready.  Also, the woman on the phone was very friendly, easy to understand in spite of an accent, and patient in explaining the menu items that I was unfamiliar with. All the appetizers sounded so good, we decided to get a bunch so the hubby and I could just pick at them since he was sick and didn't have much of an appetite.  However, the portions were bigger than expected so we ended up with quite a lot of food.  Lettuce wraps were very tasty, I loved the dressing on them.  Eggrolls were good but a little too much "wrapper" and not enough filling IMO.  Sweet potato chips were not what I was expecting, they were the white sweet potatoes that really don't have much taste to them and they were deep fried with I believe a panko breading on them.  A little bland but the sweet/hot dipping sauce they came with was fantastic.  I loved it so much I would order this again just for the sauce.  Also got some chicken soup for the sick hubby which I didn't try but he said was quite good. I threw in some pad thai noodles since that basic dish is always my test when evaluating a new Thai restaurant.  I asked for a four (out of five) on the spiciness scale and that was perfect for me.  I was very pleased at the heat level and overall flavor of the dish.  So many places hold back on the chiles if you are American, even if I insist I want it hot, and I have never understood why. The only thing missing was a squeeze of lime and garnish of fresh cilantro that I like on my pad thai.  Presumably you could get that upon request if you were dining in, it was no big deal to me since I had some at home.I still prefer Yupha's as the best Thai in the area.  But I will definitely be back here for takeout because of the friendly, speedy service and convenient location.  I noticed some wine bottles in the back when I was picking up my food so that may entice me to dine-in at some point as well.
C8cgoIpYOQ34M2aQviePcg	nBfusVbqwul0BU0Rcrlelw	4	1	Food is consistently tasty and people are way cool. Take care of your bartenders!
mB17dzreCHZs4QhnHRAp3w	-sC66z4SO3tR7nFCjfQwuQ	5	2	Why am I trying to hide my love...I'm at Gallo Blanco Cafe at least three times a week.  Yes, it's totally convenient.  But then again, so is that Rice Stick in a Bowl place around the corner and I'm never there!  I'm trading in my four stars for five stars.  I never get tired of the food (which is totally delish), the drinks, the jolt in the coffee, the servers...and THE HOTEL!!  You guys always treat me well, and I can see you treat everyone else like a rock star too.Thanks for being a great 'light rail convenient' local business!
y0hIX_5HWANLM0keAUqe-Q	53YGfwmbW73JhFiemNeyzQ	3	0	It was nice but not a great experience.  The music was very loud.    The waitress was very helpful and knew the menu and the wines and made some good recommendations (love the Newton Chard).  We split a salad and a pizza.  The watermelon salad was an incredible medley of complex flavors - the red chili giving the watermelon, avocado and goat cheese some kick to offset the sweetness.  Very interesting.  We got the funghi trifolati pizza and it was just ok.  After the first wonderful taste of mushrooms, it was all very bland with nothing to make it stand out.  I think next time I would try sitting on the patio as that looked very inviting and relaxing.
RTTXp5yKNSKFDg70nIagJQ	gI4jThFNwy73SzaNvi-1dw	4	3	While my partner and I don't normally like chain restaurants Ling & Louie's is an exception. They're a small chain of only two restaurants they are franchising. We both started with Miso soup which was okay. Then we moved on to Potstickers, on of our favorites. they were very good, but not outstanding. For our entree's I ordered Firecracker Chicken with Broccoli and my partner ordered Meatball Sliders. The Chicken was VERY spicy, but also very good. I didn't have room to try the Meatball Sliders but here they were also very good. All-in-all it was a pretty good meal and the service was perfect.
9d2yxnG3UQf8RuSxqEdz3Q	cT_rocMh92B9t62Disp6gA	1	0	We found a bandaid with the panang.  We ordered panang with chicken, not panang with bandaid. When we told the waiter, he argued that it wasn't a bandaid.  I'm sorry, there's no mistaking a bandaid!  The icing on the cake was that they charged us for it!!!If you like bandaid on your dish, this I the place to go!Too bad yelp doesn't allow 0 stars. This place definitely was a ZERO.
XEAemMRWs3hMalYqQcyl3w	u-nMW__EKMYH_PVqacYc3Q	5	0	I love to come here from time to time when I'm in the area and I am always highly satisfied with the food and service. The menu is great and there's a variety of dishes for every taste. The service is great, everyone is always really nice and the atmosphere is quiet and relaxed. Definitely a great place to have dinner/lunch with friends. I read some other reviews from people who complained about the food, mostly these were meat eaters, I'm assuming, so of course they were not satisfied. This is a %100 vegan restaurant, note it.
w_xsHHKXmcmcfjy2qYg3Ow	fVgrpVyp-nPLTac9YIjTug	5	3	T. Cook's continues to be my go-to spot... with or without my fiance.  It's like my home away from home.  I feel comfortable going in for a drink or a bite to eat any night of the week.  Let me be clear about one thing, however - I always sit at the bar!In addition to the regular menu items, the burger at T. Cooks is consistently amazing. This sizable delight is carnivore candy for the soul. Ten ounces of tenderloin burger with white cheddar cheese, bacon and Guiness tempura onion rings on a ciabatta bun with a grain mustard aioli. My mouth is watering just thinking about it right now.Anyone up for a burger?
h5smYAVKZfIGJH09RBNJ_w	4K7nR-e9staGTNJk1ez7MA	5	1	Oh my gooooooooodness!  I love this store.  I have been a tea enthusiast ever since I received a cast iron tea pot for Christmas.  A few weeks ago, I purchased a Groupon for $20 worth of merchandise for $10 and headed over to the store.  The experience was amazing.  The varieties were intriguing, the prices were reasonable, and the owner was very knowledgeable and friendly.  Also, the layout of the store was appealing and inviting.  When we visited the store, we received a packet of tea for the stores 1st birthday.  I hope there will be many more to come.
P4V_MGc-hA6iBRajU4Km4w	2e1jzfiHFGCRpV66gYNVbA	5	2	I violated my rule of avoiding grocery shopping while hungry and decided to venture over to Whole Foods.  Whole Foods tends to be the indecisive individual's nightmare (that would be me).  Yet, this store is a foodie's dream. There are aisles upon aisles of glorious, wholesome products (pun intended).  Everything is meticulously organized and there are at least ten varieties of every type of item.  No joke.  It took me fifteen minutes to decide which brand of bottled tea would be suitable (and economical). I roamed the freshly prepared food section like a vulture circling it's prey...strategizing which choice would be the best taste sensation.  Did I want a made-to-order wrap?  Or a glass of wine and a couple tapas? (the live music was alluring)...Maybe sushi?  Pizza?  Salad bar?  Soup? Maybe something from the smokehouse...oooh! A cupcake from the cupcake bar? On and on it went. My final decision was sushi. The spicy tuna roll tasted fresh, and the Pacific salad roll was very crisp. I also grabbed a container of ginger for $1.99--not the artificially preserved pink variety--all-natural pickled ginger.  Bliss.  I purchased some cucumber salad from the salad bar as a side/palate cleanser. All in all, a very satisfying meal. Prices are a tad higher than your average grocery store. Then again, it is Whole Foods. A word of advise:  come with a game plan (e.g. a shopping list). If you don't define what it is you want prior to entering this store, you'll end up spending two hours and twice as much money than you anticipated.
nSe5tNvfDBjSkUAX2Q_M7g	e34tIpveepWkpvOuv_boqw	5	0	Beautiful little gem of a restaurant.  Great outdoor seating, amazing-truly amazing mussels.  Wholeheartedly recommend, perfect "date night" too.
CyVYUFnUHGo5TafWoP1azg	lhRUPA28pRIN1MnllN-o9g	5	1	The restaurant itself is not fancy and does not have an amazing atmosphere, but I really love the food here. I've eaten in the restaurant a few times and frequently get takeout. I love the Gobi Manchurian, Vegetable Vindaloo, and Special Vegetable Curry. I also like the weekend buffet - it's a great way to try several different things. Delicious!
aa73X0bZaJmA0SPuu0BDrA	qjmCVYkwP-HDa35jwYucbQ	3	1	Beyond the attractive decor and nice food-presentation, I wasn't all that impressed by True Food. Certainly the concept of healthy, sustainable, locally bought food is great (albeit in the form of an upscale-chain), but overall, True Food didn't live up to the hype.On the positive side, the edamame dumplings with daikon radish and white truffle oil were extremely tasty, and my Ginger Margarita was excellent. On the not-so-positive side, the raw ahi tuna app-special was just OK, and the tiny slivers of fish (maybe 8 total?) were more of a "taste" than a full appetizer. Even worse, my chicken sausage pizza was slightly burnt on the bottom, and tasted bland and uninspired -- the sausage was finely ground and lacked much flavor, and the fennel was invisible. Added to the long wait (weekend dinner reservations are a must even though the restaurant is huge) and the pay-parking lot (if you stay more than two hours, which we did because of the long wait), we all came away mildly disappointed.With many other excellent Phoenix-area restaurants to choose from, we'll head elsewhere next time.
AHu5r-41HYmM-0Ddjv6HZw	FV0BkoGOd3Yu_eJnXY15ZA	3	4	This place does not need another review, but I'll chime in anyway.I have been dreaming of coming her for several months after countless hours of drooling over their website.I went for a late lunch with the Gorgeous Gabi.  We had the restaurant all to ourselves, it was quiet and comfortable.I ended up just ordering a salad, it was so hot out (surprise) and I just wanted something light. I got a Diet Coke and the Caesar Romero Salad (see pics) it consisted of; mixed greens with cilantro dressing, grilled lemon/herb chicken, fontina, cherry tomatoes and toasted pepitas. It was really good, I like the mixed greens in place of the usual romaine and although I didn't taste much cilantro it had great flavor.Our waitress was not very attentive at all, when she did come around to grab my empty glass of soda she did not ask me if I'd like another, instead she brought me a glass of water.........with a bug in it! I'm giving 3 stars for now, but I will go back because there are still quite a few things on the menu I'd like to try.
U3cCw_QbYPRH41HxhbYd3g	dcd3C1gWv-vVdQ9XYV8Ubw	5	3	Once we went to Grimaldi's in Hoboken, NJ and weren't all that impressed.  Yet the first time we ate at this Grimaldi's, we were blown away!  Upon entering, you are enveloped by the aroma of pizza baking in a coal-fired oven.  This is swoon-inducing---and I mean that in a good way.  The smell almost has you believing that you are in a pizza joint with a coal-fired oven in the Northeast.When ordering pizza baked in a coal-fired oven, I like to get a plain cheese pizza.  IMO, this is the best way to fully taste the sauce, cheese and crust without anything else get in the way.  There's nothing like a thin crust pizza from a coal-fired oven with that char on the crust.  The crust has just the right balance of crispy and soft.  The sauce is well flavored with proper proportions of basil and oregano.  The amount of cheese is just right.  I love to savor each and every bite.There is more to this Grimaldi's than the one under the Brooklyn Bridge.  This one has other items in addition to the pizza.  We like their antipasto.  It has sliced mozzarella which is fresh and creamy, black and green olives (the black ones are pitted, the green ones have pits in them),  roasted red pepper slices which are bursting with flavor, and a good, flavorful salami.Everytime we're in AZ, it is so worth it to us to deal with the heavy traffic in Old Town Scottsdale to dine at Grimaldi's!
9uwKBawK2GF_awBTteNt2g	VO13q-11lh7St1gd7JPI3Q	3	3	Ok, this is coming from sombody that is not a fan of the Cheesecake factory.My cousin, her friend, and I walk into the the restaurant and decided to eat in the bar area.  We had a very sweet waitperson, Summer.  She rocked with suggestions and her personality was great.  I had one of their smoothies, just like the one at Cheesecake Factory.  It was good, but I have had better at Jumba Juice.  I ended up having their angel hair pasta, my cousin had a chicken salad, and friend #3 decided that he would just mooch off our plates.  The reason why I hate these types of places is that they give you WAY TOO MUCH FOOD!  Why do they do that?  Especially with people, like me, that learned that they better clean off their whole plate? I just gained 10 pounds.Food was nothing spectacular.  My cousin then ordered the Splenda Cheesecake, that she said tastes horrible. (She had the one at Cheesecake Factory, which she thinks is awesome)5 stars to the lovely Summer (or was it Winter...I can't remember now...crap!)  My cousin actually left her money on the booth.  She called the restaurant and Summer actually said she found it and was holding it for her just in case she came back for it.  Extra plus for honesty that I didn't even think existed in the world anymore.  2 stars for the mediocre food.  And 3 stars to the host stand...a story that I don't have enough energy to even type here.
OvHF6-irwMIcZcwPXLb7lQ	7TMf1NuuAdvhG7IojZSKnw	5	1	Championship establishment here.I walked in with my significant other and was surprised at how busy it was on a Tuesday night. At first, it didn't click but the entire volleyball team from a nearby high school decided to come so it was extremely busy.They have some really good specials, but what really caught my eye was the specialty burgers that are $6. Big misunderstanding, most $6 are single patty and have some special toppings. Zipps decided to do a double-stacked specialtly burger. Yes, two 1/3 lb patties on a bun with some special toppings. We got two burgers and split them half and half, green chile burger and sweet jalapeno. Both were extremely awesome. You can get salad, fries, onion rings or half-half (half fries half onion rings). The fries kind of taste like In-n-Out fries, and my significant other would describe them as being better. I don't agree, and I don't disagree. Overall, good food, I can't wait to come back and try something else from their special menu. The $6 specialty burgers are available Tuesdays from 8-close and weekends from 11-4.The service was really awesome. They definitely cared about us and went out of their way to make sure we were doing okay. I think they felt guilty that we were there when a huge group was there as well. Apparently, they also were understaffed, but it honestly did not feel like it. Seriously though, it was some of the best service I've ever had at a Phoenix restaurant. To top it all off, the manager had checked up on us a few times, and at the end after we paid the bill he brought us a cookie platter (pizzookie, or cookie with ice cream).Now, I'm not a fan of pizzookie, but wow, their cookie platter was awesome. It wasn't on special that night, but I know its on special some other night and at $4 its probably worth a go again. Might I say one more thing about the cookie platter? It's just as good if not better than BJ's.I am actually excited to go here again. With some really good food specials almost any night, I think if I ever run out of ideas this might be the first place I think of. The food is a little greasy, but I think that is expected when you go to a sports grill. Want to lose 50 lbs, go to subway. Props to the owners for such an awesome establishment.
aAonWkbUIzw3q-TOp_npNw	gFGldPLVQdqbHQodU5TeUw	3	0	It's Pei Wei. The service and food are always satisfactory.
3RPDdb3Pupa9Rdus7gMDRA	WixkMVXXFCx-lYsr6JoF6Q	4	0	For what Pei Wei is...I love this place.  Casual fast dining with great food at a great value.  If you've ever been to P.F. Chang's, this place is owned by the same company and offers similar fare.  Be prepared to wait during peak hours as this place always does a steady business (at all their locations).  I often call ahead and order take out.  I've had nearly everything on the menu.  The Vietnamese Salad rolls are really light and yummy.  Can't go wrong with the orange peel chicken.  Oh, and the honey seared shrimp is great too...however that one needs to be eaten at the restaurant...it's like an In & Out burger & fries...best eaten ASAP.
eTa5KD-LTgQv6UT1Zmijmw	3QhPvyen9kSiAxduT8g3bQ	4	0	Very cool neighborhood restaurant and wine bar in North Scottsdale.  The bartender was extremely friendly and helpful and the selection was great.  The pizzas looked fantastic, so we'll be coming back to try them out!
749N8txx9Nd_JqU6X7qAAA	qTx2IZG66_B2US3L_4TnDA	4	1	This review was posted over a year ago, however, it was removed by Yelp HQ only last week.I'm reposting it after making some minor modifications, mainly since the response and comments were so positive.... by everyone except Yelp HQ.Whole Foods Market.Ladies, you're young and vibrant...today. But as the years drag on, you notice changes. Subtle changes, such as:*crow's feet*saddlebags*sagging butt and or tits, *and orange skin from all the tanning products, your complexion now resembling that Louie V handbag you've been toting your Shitzadoodle around in.You've got a choice to make.Spend all your money now on organic, free range shit, this in an effort to remain healthy looking, or, shop for a lot of the same stuff at Costco, where you can load up, get twice your money's worth, and have a shitload of cardboard boxes you won't have a clue what to do with. But the real bonus will be how in only a few short years, you'll have saved enough money for a good plastic surgeon, which you're going to need anyway if you have any plans to remain living in Scottsdale for any length of time.My opinion?I highly recommend the latter and here's why.Scottsdale has a serious shortage of fish-lipped women with feline looking facial features, who routinely wear yoga pants telegraphing their hiked-up thongs. Poor thong....how sad that your fate...to be cast to a fifty-something, saggy-butt host.Ladies, is that what you want?To idly standby, watching, as the ranks of this bass-cat looking oddity dwindle in population?I didn't think so.The choice is yours.Beautiful and broke from shopping at Whole Foods today.Or, aging not so gracefully with the help of medical science, an overzealous plastic surgeon, and Victoria's Secret, which I assure you with one of her thongs in yoga pants will be anything but. A lot of good all that free range organic crap did. If you do come here, try the hot deli, where you can get every kind of ethnic food, save for Ethiopian. It helps after a late night at work, on your way home, when you don't feel like eating fast food. They also have a taco and pizza bar, fresh bakery, and a smoked meats section where you can get some of the worst barbecue and smoked meats I've ever tasted. The only thing I'll recommend in this place other than the hot deli, is the chocolate and coffee bar, which seems to have a ton of delights that are supposedly good for you. I doubt it.
OXmGQvOqiULJlLPGgGW0jA	iDoigI3605ixHl_qHly3Tg	5	1	We make it a tradition to come here whenever family is in town. So I've probably been here atleast 10 times.Love their steak with buttered plates. We've had it before where the streak wasnt cooked to our satisfaction. But after being there so many times I know how to order it. Sweet potato casserole is excellent. Cesar salad is the best I've ever had. On this occasion the wait staff was very friendly, but I've had it before where they are like buzzing bees. I usually like to have tea after dinner which is always nice. The atmosphere is good. It is nicer to sit in the main dining area near the windows instead of the side room.Also people if you are going to spend hundred dollars on dinner, don't cheap out on a babysitter. Nobody wants to listen to your whinnying little brat kids who can't sit still. Ruth Chris should have an age requirement!I've been to Mortons twice. Once in Chicago and once in Phoenix and both times it wasn't as good as Ruth Chris.
QDLI0C8YCppB5hFjLFhFYg	SgTjnyElc26gPUghVuCuSQ	4	3	my husband and I started going to Keegan's on Sunday's for their brunch, which is pretty decent. If you get there after 10am, the bar is open, which is a plus in my book. We've eaten lunch and dinner there a few times as well. They have a really good french onion soup, another soup I think was chicken pepper jack and the cobb sandwich is good. Their chicken fried steak is pretty good as well. They give you two decent sized steaks covered in mashed potatoes and gravy.The bar is good as they have a great selection of beers. I also love their ice tea, it always hits the spot.
U2LlqjEFA6XYzADd-BkqLQ	GjvIDOEhdQB1oPrFeSpxBw	2	1	Hostess staff were a few unorganized morons-- it appeared as if it was literally their first night on the job. Maybe too many of them? The service was fast but I wouldn't say friendly. She made a few mistakes with our order-- gave my daughter a cheese pizza when we ordered pepperoni..  She put a glass right in front of my 22 mo old who grabbed it right away of course-- few other rookie mistakes like that. Calamari- gross. Lobster/crab tacos with white bland rice-- don't order it. My husband was happy with ribeye and atmosphere is cool and clean.
mDJucjHAjoxhDHXd9MvCDQ	ss5gVggeSmAgMUeL65UvYw	5	2	Postinos on the East side!?Whoa, you like to think that you're immune to Postinos, oh yeahIt's closer to the truth to say I can't get enough You know I'm gonna have to face it, I'm addicted to Postinos Thanks Robert Palmer and let's just say I wouldn't be surprised to see the fashion models around here.  Very attractive crowd!  I am honor just to be here!  Another bottle of wine and you'll be mine, a one track mind I can't be saved 4 flavors of Bruschetta is all I crave If there's some left for you and don't mind if I do I might as well face it I'm addicted to PostinosI've always enjoyed attending Postinos on the West side of town, but the East side adds a new flavor.  The place still has a great deal on Monday and Tuesday nights.  Bottle of wine plus a large plate of bruschetta's for $20!  The ambience is always chill and low lighting.  Quite romantic and add some pretty ladies and I'm golden here!  Service is always great at Postinos.  The staff is definitely well train in the knowledge of wine and their service is spectacular! - Enjoy!
vJ8Pz1HHH-srCcatKvx5Uw	h1kwVr1eTpBK0rWfcm5QSg	2	1	I used to frequent the Buffalo Wild Wings on Litchfield and Bell and never had a bad experience.  Whether it was fight night on a Saturday evening or a lazy Tuesday dinner, I never was worried about the overall experience at that location.This location, on the other hand, could take some hints from there now defunct location to the west.  I have been to this location 4 times with each visit hoping the previous one was a fluke.  I always would get their flagship item as well, wings.  I like the spicy garlic which I find as the best balance between flavor and heat.  Each time the chicken was either overcooked, under sauced, or both.  Why can't they do their staple item right each and every time?  Major disappointment, times 4.I won't elaborate on the other shortcomings of this location because they are too many.  The bullet points are that the service is very lackadaisical with anything.  You sit down waiting longer for the service to take your order than it takes to get it out to you.  On multiple occasions a buddy of mine who I went with each time felt compelled to recite Reservoir Dogs lines when it came to drink refills.  They were few and far between.  Finally, I don't sit at the bar because I like to speak with the company I am in, but that was virtually impossible.  This wasn't just on event nights either.  The volume of the speakers didn't vary anytime, not even in the middle of the week during lunch.I want a good Buffalo Wild Wings in my area badly.  I have to travel to get to this location and would happily if they delivered on what I was used to.  I guess I am off to find another of the few that are actually still open until I see this location pick up its game.
KakKzsqS2FLLo1M6GDT8HA	4gxZ5tPEqm0QnRkILa9cNQ	4	1	Ok, so this business is currently run from a mobile kitchen.  Now I do mean that it is a kitchen.  The crepes are made to order, the ingredients are absolutely fresh and delicious.  They are currently going to various farmers markets, Old Town Scottsdale and Awatuke,  and going to private parties when they are asked.  So when you have the chance to find where they are and try them.  You won't be disappointed at all.  They are great.  Also check then out on twitter.
3-qrOeFDNh7L9P3Ksg9aGw	HUR7B6X_f_V_50w4pfoyyQ	5	1	One of my favorite places to come. Their salsa and guacamole is to die for. I like that they bring each person their own individual bowl of salsa. I ways get their huevos rancheros with beans and rice + homemade flour tortilla. Delicious!!!I eat the entire plate every time.
Aczfhjkc5Wfsw1ghBkPHSg	qW9UysjJw3y3CwEbzruEEw	4	2	Went in to pick up lunch. I ordered the bean & cheese burrito (per Yelpers recommendation).It took a LONG time for my order to be ready, next time I will definitely call ahead. The price was awesome and the food was really good. I anxious to try more items on the menu!
wmeQoT0hHwlmuzN58azzzg	TuCAYZ89lP_s6D7Y78xNhQ	3	0	I've decided to up the rating of this place to 3 stars because I went back for a second try. (it was close to work)  This time the burger actually had juices left.  They still wont cook it less then well done which puts me off but at least it had flavor this time.I still dont recommend this place when you can spend a bit more and get a real burger at FEZ, Zinburger or Delux.
rnvpABw_FY1zoaWpl9c9tg	Snp5LyDO9NeQiuFPOlkavw	2	2	In a word: Kitsch.This 50's palace of pink serves up a number of ice cream dishes, including favorites such as banana splits and brownie sundaes as well as build your own creations.  The ice cream itself was underwhelming, I was expecting a homemade recipe, but was a little surprised when I saw tubs of Dreyers being brought into the front dining room.Given it's location in Old Town Scottsdale, a venerable dumping ground of knick knacks galore, Sugar Bowl was exactly what I expected in terms of decor and atmosphere, kitsch, kitsch and more kitsch.Where is Gelateria Parmalat when you need it?
Jck18cBsBbzBlJs7tTGT8Q	VpSiOW1PapVmZyyRBK_GBQ	2	2	I feel sad to write this...but Vincent needs to improve things or his place will be only a past memory.  I'm ok with that based on the dinner I had there recently.The restaurant was packed...but with people who had Groupons...I only wish I had because my dinner would not have been 177.00.  Too much for a weak and sad plate of out of date food.We had the Foi Gras, small portion and so/so:(...Duck chimichangas they were decent. The wild boar was a tiny serving...we were fine with that because it was tough and difficult to chew.  It was accompanied with a hospital style vegetable medly of green beans with carrot shreds and minute white rice.  We also had trout..it was covered in a heavy white sauce (French) and had the same veg medly and white rice...seriously like the hospital food...or a big banquet service.  It was edible...but not great...We each had a glass of wine.  No dessert for us...it was hot in there and the arches and decor reminded me of a taco bell.  I wouldn't even go back if it was a free meal:(
45frOWOmibZX4v9y01aujA	MMLEhoPYQif2PEIVxAfIKQ	4	2	Obs, a great location in the quaint Gold Spot next to the soon-to-be Pita Jungle. I really like what they did with the space. The vintage elementary school chairs bring me back to the days of learning cursive and pasting cotton balls on paper to create a snowman. Lots of natural light, too! The coffee is spot on, and they have pastries as well. -1 star for not having a punch card. They need to get on that!
5QDhx75ulwaDHGNIqeOcDg	cdwHgELA2puX2DNfwSt5EA	2	0	We had a mixed experience at Happy Hour (HH) and dinner.  Quick summary follows.  Hits:+ Food was tasty.+ Ambiance was nice.Misses:- Waitress was never able to bring the "last call" round of HH she offered.  No explanation or apology.  - Asked if I "minded" anchovies on my salad.  I said "no," but didn't realize there would be an upcharge until the final bill came.- While in the bathroom, observed one of the staff go straight from the stall (not the urinal) to the Kitchen.  No hand-washing, not even a pause by the sink.  ¡Buen apetito!
CX2jGM3K1dW1X_827Xmaqw	AqbgC7Gul5Es1rRzGNLDFA	4	9	Ok so who goes from California to Scottsdale and ends up at a Sprinkles? That would be ME. In search for a cute independently owned cupcakery to test how AZ cupcakes stack up to SF Bay cuppies... we headed to downtown Scottsale. WELL, not really for the cupcakes, but just to check it out. However, seeing there were a handful of cupcakeries nearby, we had to try one.BUT the reviews of 2 and 3 stars for some of these places seriously put me off. I hate dry cupcakes and I was not eager to spend precious calories on something that would not satisfy. Sprinkles had the better reviews and whala it was open after all the other places closed. (Note to self, who closes a bakery at 6pm? Cupcake freaks come out at NIGHT!)We have a Sprinkles about a 15 min drive from us@home, but have I ever gone??? NO. So yes here we are at Sprinkles in AZ. The gals are friendly, they answer my questions tirelessly. I end up with 2, lemon and chocolate marshmallow.They stay overnight in our hotel room since our dinner left absolutely no room for cupcakes. I was worried they'd be dry and stale the next morning when I busted them out at 7am before my workout. Gotta get some carbs in so I can burn them off right?Bottom line... Sprinkles may not be a cute little indy shop any longer but their stuff is solid. No mixes, the dark chocolate cupcakes are the perfect combo of dark, bitter, and sweet. The lemon was dense, I think mine is better, but the chocolate marshmallow OMG. It was like a grownup version of a Hostess cupcake, MY FAVORITE. Despite their overnight rest, they were not dry, the result of a fair amount of oil if the residue on my fingers was any indication.Please send me three dozen of the Chocolate Marshmallow please. I will love you forever. Thanks.
iT60w_XiOX14tvHr3VwQSg	ZRJwVLyzEJq1VAihDhYiow	2	1	The pizza here is very good, but i would warn anyone who is thinking to have it delivered, to think twice. Their system seems to be manual and we were actually asked "are you in our delivery zone?"  After 12 minutes on the phone i gave up and decided to save the  $5.50 delivery charge and pick it up myself. They are one of the best pizza's in the tukee area, but if you are going to go to a place that charges the max for their pie ($85 for 4 pizzas) , i would suggest Florencia in this area. This is our second time trying them, first was eat in, and now pick up, i would rate the overall customer service very low, enough to bring a 4-5 star place down to a 2.
GiP3aNuA5XepHT9m6q3awg	WS1z1OAR0tRl4FsjdTGUFQ	4	0	The Vig Uptown has its hits and misses, but the hits definitely outnumber the misses.First of all, the building and atmosphere is awesome. I think it used to be a Bank of America? They really outdid themselves with the renovations and decor. The drinks, while pricey, are really good. I had the basil-gin-strawberry drink and it was deeeelishhhh. My husband had a tasty IPA he has never had before. Service was good. Our server seemed to have a zillion tables and still was attentive and pleasant. When it comes to food, my husband and I had different experiences. He had the Vigazz burger which he thought was outstanding. It is now tied with 2 other burgers for his favorite burgers of all time. Vegetarian entrees are limited to a couple salads and a veggie sandwich. I had the veggie sandwich which was decent but I wasn't impressed. Although the grilled veggies were tasty the sandwich was dry overall. The foccacia was a little too doughy. And the caramelized onions were more raw than caramelized. The french fries were good but the barbeque seasoning on them annoyed me slightly. I think next time I will ask if I can order a grilled cheese off the kids menu. With a side of their yummy spicy mayo.Talking about kids menu, that was another miss. Having a stepson myself, I appreciate hip establishments that are still kid friendly. However there was a very obnoxious group of kids and parents that looked like they just came from the kids soccer game. The kids dominated the bocce court and were loud, rude, and obnoxious. The parents were enjoying their cocktails and ignored their kids behavior. It kind of ruined the mood for us. I wish they would have just gone to Peter Piper like most kids teams do after a game...We do really want to return. Maybe for happy hour or brunch. I want to try their bloody marys and the Amber Scramble. We might even take our kid. But don't worry- he will be well supervised! :)
IlbIDkPNO-kxgHSOqxRqaQ	oJpmYvLibGrYPDvcaUeMOw	5	1	LOVE THIS PLACE!  We eat here every Saturday as long as we are in town.  My husband eats here during the week too!  Weekday lunches are a great deal and quick!  The veggie soup is delicious.  The golden wings - Delicious... chicken satay is good too.  For an entree... we always get Pad Prik King chicken or sometimes shrimp but its always always delicious!  Have been trying to find a thai place with this dish closer to home (east valley) but haven't found one yet!  Service is terrific!  FYI for those of you who just order Pad Thai... it is very sweet here so if you don't like it sweet... order something else.  Other things we've tried that were good... pepper steak - very good - just dont eat a lot of red meat, massamum curry with chicken good... also we order everything medium to thai hot... like very spicy!
xDqnQ7gc5gjDko6AZqmgxw	sDozh6iTylTJD26d7xcgGw	2	0	Your typical Tempe boozatorium.It has a generic and unmemorable name likely because the name describes everything about this place.If you wander into it, you won't remember much more than that.
ybnwGGyEXmIAthlqZQqmdA	c1yGkETheht_1vjda7G5sA	5	2	I found this place via Google while in town for business. It's tucked away in a non-descript strip mall next to a Salvation Army.I've had dinner and lunch here, both times were good. For dinner, I had the special turkey sandwich with fries (fries weren't pipping hot when they were served, but still good); for the lunch visit, I had the original "g" spicy po-boy and chose the curry pasta salad as a side - tasty!Service was friendly and efficient._______________Update: 12/10/07 - What's the first thing I do when I arrive in Phoenix? Punch in 2240 N. Scottsdale Road in my GPS and head to Green! This time around I had Thee Argentine Po-Boy with fried - Mock steak fried with onions and peppers, vegan mayo and a spicy sauce. I couldn't get enough! Very delicious12/11/07 - After having a veggie burger and fries for lunch at a Hard Rock Cafe, I thought I'd balance it out by having something healthy for dinner - I ordered the Diablo Rice bowl with chicken and brown rice. The description looked good: veggies in a spicy sauce - but it was a little too salty for my taste and didn't finish it. Oh well, can't win them all.12/12/07 - I was working close by, so decided to run in for lunch. I ordered the No Harm Chicken Parm sandwich with a side of tahini coleslaw. It was a little bit messy to eat by hand, with the tomato sauce and soy mozzarella oozing everywhere - still good nonetheless. The coleslaw was a nice compliment to the sandwich.12/14/07 - I'll miss you Green!
vGvxWzW7fXMPPaad36OvrA	1OA1jo0GlK9sf68f00w8ZQ	5	1	No need for a long review.Every In-N-Out I have ever been too has been amazing.Great FoodGreat Customer ServiceLove this place
Ag8qFw1LbvmAu_wv6ElSaw	-h-q6zTIdPlkz9BDP11sBg	4	0	Great flatbreads and atmosphere
gpglwWWqnxkrF32vubJ3bg	WNy1uzcmm_UHmTyR--o5IA	3	0	I like this place because of how original it is and the menu has something for everyone.Unfortunately it is tucked away in a hard to spot location and therefore continues to be a great secret.I would recommend to anyone in Arizona to make a trip over and see what this place is all about. I think everyone will be happy with it.
eqAVn_2A-x8mbNNxIkrIww	ImVx220_Pcp2iB5uworODw	5	1	LOVE this place. Great food, high quality ingredients (which is why i was told the prices are a bit more than your typical pizza hut), and fun service.I love this place, and always leave happy and full. Authentic italian food is my weak spot! :)
7BbBFpBImt877RXkgxMcvw	Ddsln32r-uA7hq_0ksaNZA	2	2	They have great specials and if you like dive mexican take out......its ok.....there are much better places that are not a chain.
YatPH-LLGvJRCEsDjSEnHg	OkO7zRnvV2NQR5aPmbRZeA	2	1	We just stopped here as Slices no longer exits at TMP :(For JUST cold meat sandwiches...they are over priced. Short variety and more than $3 for some salame, cheese in average white bread.....no thank you.
dBt9em8zuiBmi0afyDGPbw	1Duul3qCnLrNak1Np-iHfw	4	3	I really love Pita Jungle.  My first experience was at the one downtown, and now, I have to get my fix.  I found this location since it is close to my home, and wanted to check it out.Upon entering, I was pleased with the location.  Well decorated, clean, good lighting, ample seating.  I was greated by the hostess, and sat at the bar.  The place was pretty busy, and I was by myself.  I was greeted in a quick manner by a nice server from behind the bar.  I took a moment to review my menu, and decided to skip a full meal and go for some lentil soup.Now, here is where things get dicey.  I won't hold it against Pita Jungle, but I have to put this in the review.  First, after being seated, I noticed that it was a little toasty in there.  I think they could have turned up the A/C.  I am sure if I had been drinking, I probably would have broken a slight sweat, as it was warm in here.  Secondly, after I ordered my lentil soup, it took what seemed like forever to get it.  I did not time it with a stop watch, but it took a long time for just a bowl of soup.  Secondly, when I did get the lentil soup, I didn't care for it.  It looked kinda gross and didn't taste all that great.  And, in case you were wondering, NO, I didn't send it back or complain.  I was to tired and didn't feel like being a sourpuss.The other problem that I experienced, was the server girl brought out my check WAY before I was ever served my food.  I hate that!  At least bring my bill with my food, not before!Aside from that, I dig this place.
f031RjkwqbRG4_kxYmxrMg	noLH_u4MJzfXYYHqcByjnA	4	0	I'm 31 yrs old and I've come to the Dub since I was an 18 yr old with a good fake ID. I actually havent lived in Az in over 10 yrs, but when ever I come back to visit friends and family this is our spot. My buddies have been the local crew at this bar for over a decade. The bartenders have all worked here for years as well, and even tho i may only come in a few times a year, the bartenders always remember my face. A fun atmoshphere, plenty of room, a non-stuffy, non-scottsdale type crowd. When I'm in Az, I always visit the Dub...
4nmQWtOENRFPteGAqXeLKQ	GHYOl_cnERMOhkCK_mGAlA	1	4	Sadly, I have to join the crowd on this one. I was hoping that Kitchen 56 would make my memories of Vatra go away, but instead just reminded me all over again. Food was WAY overpriced and just OK. Kudos to Eddie the Server who brought with him the only charm available the second time we tried K56; I'd give him 4 stars if the review were based solely on his service & personality. I will say the interior is much better than the previous incarnation, but the spots (lights) at the counter-height 4 top shone in my eyes and made me feel like it was last call...and I don't drink.
JVh7fgEnkkEnqBZOtZZraQ	VbXy3tH5RAu7HjT7VeMMgA	2	1	I've been here twice for lunch. It's okay but I won't be coming back. The portions are small. I had one of the curries and it was good. But I had the pad thai which the menu said contains chicken and shrimp. Not a single shrimp on the plate. Cheap bastards. One of the lower quality Thai restaurants I've been to in Phoenix next to Thai Hut.
0zReLtQj_Nf2-bwIOPTmrw	Gw8DsQQCO5m1hggXqwynFg	4	2	This is a really cute Greek restaurant located in an obscure building.  You'd never know from the exterior that a great Greek restaurant is hiding inside.  The place has a family owned restaurant feeling to it, and you'll find all the Greek classics on the menu.The menu is pretty extensive, and a lot bigger than many of the other Greek restaurants I've been to.  They have gyros, sandwiches, pitas, plates, appetizers- but my favorite is the hummus appetizer and the falafel plate.  They're both soooo good.  They also make a pretty mean spanakopita.  For dessert, get the home-made baklava- you'll be very glad you did.
yoD-T4N7qi1YI3PR3wJRDQ	zmFc8M-hS4uuyY0hklIpoQ	3	0	I visited Carly's for a weekday lunch when I was downtown for work. Here is the rundown:1) parking is horrid - common downtown, so take the lightrail (the stop is on Central and Roosevelt) or bring a fist full of quarters for the meter2) it is crowded! well it was when I was there3) the service was pretty good considering how swamped it was and I told the nice server I was in a hurry and she was able to take my order from soup to nuts in maybe 10 minutes even though their credit card machine was down4) I ordered a gyro and their orzo pasta salad, the gyro was mediocre and bland but the pasta was wonderfulI will definitely try Carly's again when I am not rushed, the interior is hipster, funky, low key and the staff was very friendly.
sEpffpL6SPsu4vUlI9la1g	e8Eke5v8pXw-PuRCu2uPjg	5	3	Simple but really great cajun food prepared in steamers right in front of you.  Selections include gumbo, pan roasts (a tomato-based broth with chunks of seafood), or seafood creole all with your choice of shrimp, crab, chicken, crawfish, oysters, or all five, with rice. They also have fresh oysters, jumbo shrimp cocktails, salads, and tasty seafood chowder, as well as the occasional lobster special. I've been probably 20 times and still never had a bad dish. The staff is friendly and helpful, and will adjust the spiciness of the dishes to your taste. By far the best option at the Talking Stick resort.As another reviewer noted, this restaurant is really just a bar with a couple of tables, stuck right off the casino floor. This is definitely not a fine dining spot, with the clanging of slot machines and dead-eyed gamblers shuffling around fifteen feet away. Still, it's definitely worth a visit to Talking Stick. At $10-12 for lunch portions and $17-19 for huge dinner servings, and $25 for a massive platter of oysters, shrimp, crab, mussels, and clams, it's a fantastic value for the quality and tastiness of the food.  Good, reasonably priced seafood can be hard to come by in the valley, but this spot is a gem.
kaGay5W1MuM6dXoHMWU94Q	lVkDZZ8sTafPlq7f1i5row	5	0	Sometimes it's difficult to really feel satisfied with a raw vegan diet , but every time I go to Pomegranate's I leave more than satisfied.   The atmosphere is welcoming and delightful, although very busy during the lunch rush. I did have to share a table with a stranger last time I was there but the stranger turned out to be a great lunch companion.  This is a must for anyone who is considering (or already is) a raw and/or vegan diet.  Everything is so yummy you won't know it is good for you!
lIMcJl51NcGSQvLZ5d9JHg	41j3GB7M-Lwq284Pfb9zgw	5	0	Simply awesome! Great beer and great staff! Will try the food next time! Only complaint is a bartender named Adrianne she is crazy! Ha! GThe food was excellent from the great hard boiled egg dish to the peanut butter and jelly with banana and marshmallow fluff oh and add bacon.  Elvis just did a sommersault in his grave.  The sandwiches are not huge but they are all made like the beer served and the people hosting, of finest quality!  Really enjoyed and will spread the word!
Pviwc4jGf2dia6zKYc9CAA	oSDf6BHiMlKGZdFFmIo6NQ	5	1	Best breakfast in west Chandler!  I love their crepe eggs and calorie/nutritional info printed on the menu.
zJf8tEBQrQ1Bl9HSKyjrbg	oCA2OZcd_Jo_ggVmUx3WVw	4	0	Awesome place! I like the memorabilia on the walls.
eVZKDT7EJIazL90bTtitfg	wOvAbdVYDaguotpdSALsfg	5	1	I used to go here about once a week when I still lived and worked in Arizona. My office at the time was within walking distance.This is a very good Hooters location...located smack dab in the middle of Mill Avenue right next to ASU. Plenty of stores all around. I used to go mainly for lunches during the week with co-workers. It usually was quieter than evenings or weekends. The serving staff were great and many of the ladies would stand and chat for quite a while...as it was pretty slow.
dXtNl37cJPApWjquAABDyw	oJpmYvLibGrYPDvcaUeMOw	4	0	This place is gem behind the Central Phoenix library and next to Walgreens. They have great lunch specials that are worth a visit. My favorite dish so far is the spicy noodles. The noodles were flavorful and pretty darn spicy, just how they should be. If you're in the mood for some authentic Thai food, you gotta give this place a try.
pWP9WnRagQw7SccNG7DpiQ	5nrEG6lFlKfr-OluekbsTw	5	1	They have the BEST Pad Thai!  I've had many other dishes of theirs which are all delicious, but that Pad Thai haunts my dreams at night. (In a good way)  I've recently had Touch of Thai which is a highly rated Thai Food restaurant.  Of course, I had to try their pad thai.  Honestly, It was just as good, but they used the thin, stringy noodles and Dara uses the wide, flat noodles.  You wouldn't think that would make much of a difference, but that's what makes me drive 20 miles more to go to Dara Thai to get their Pad Thai than driving 5 miles to go to Touch of Thai. If your not watching your calorie intake I highly suggest getting the cream cheese wontons and Thai Tea with your Pad Thai!  Now that's what I call delicious!
jFeo-mVwa1-MHQauk4k1ow	W4lcMQudkcx7sTabnWaOqw	5	0	This place is what Desert Ridge wishes it was! Its great for groceries (Wal-Mart), bargain hunting (TJ Maxx), fast food or dining in (tons of places!), catching a movie (Harkins), stocking up the wine shelf (BevMo), new panties (Vicky's Secret) and a zillion other things. I love that this is close to my house! The only thing that would make it better is a Costco or Sam's Club.
PfPV7R1DoWKe-ufucipKzw	CqKiF2X0_4erH02-CUiweQ	3	1	I eat here often because it is close to where I live. Good clean Chines food but it is all starting to taste the same like they use the same sauce on many of their dishes. It didn't used to be like that. I will keep going because it is still good and the best in the area IMHO, but it is time for a menu change to get some new flavors for those who eat there often.
6P-j7u82hGHgN87OAcCwhA	qwmHm3s8p7J12AIY6Co8HQ	5	0	Had the mahi and it was great.  Very reasonably priced also.  Definitely a repeat.
5aFfl9_fkLUw_T9DZYwBEw	GaeokhqmZYuPr7i1EZtnHA	4	0	This place has been around forever. I started coming here when I was 5 or 6, especially when my grandpa came to town from Cincinnati. He loved it. The whole "wild west" theme prevails, and it is fun to think about cowboys and times gone by. I liked the sasparilla when I was a kid, I don't think I've ever had it anywhere else. Last time I was in Phoenix we went again, and while the quality of the food has maybe slid a bit since I was 5 ( um, I'm kinda a LOT older now), it is still cool. I like the good mood of all the visitors, it's a place that inspires laughter and happy shared experience. If you do wear a tie, wear one you don't care about, ok. Trust me on this.
gK-blxjfcUVrPNlKNTbJ0w	kEyCMHBnohaWc81omLDfYg	5	0	I have been living in Arizona for 4 years and have yet to find a decent Italian Beef Sandwich, until now.  I even gave the same statement to the owner.  I had ordered an Italian Beef for carry out, and while I was waiting, I let him know my frustrations.  He gave me his card and told me to call him after I ate the sandwich because he wanted to know what I thought.  Well, it was FANTASTIC!  Of course, I called him back to let him know.  The service, and the time and effort put into the food cannot be beat.  This is what you get for a mom and pops type place.  There are plenty of other sandwiches and foods there too.  I can't wait to go back and try some more!
3ubU0rv1beJTbfSy9zalsQ	wct7rZKyZqZftzmAU-vhWQ	4	0	Things I loved: The Thom Kha Ta-lay (med) was creamy, spicy, and FULL of seafood and fresh kaffir leaves. The chicken satay had a nice char but was still juicy (so rare!). The cucumber and onion relish was surprisingly sweet and a great counter to the heat. Things I only liked:The Pork Kwediaw Kraphrao (mint and pepper stir fry with egg noodles) was not as mediumly spiced and could have used a touch more mintyness. They were out of Pumpkin Custard, which made me very sad as it sounded awesome.Verdict: I would go back to try a curry or rice dish, for sure!
ogQyq7ve4Yqi4OI3G89ixQ	4-qDkltBuJ_Lbj3nyxvUlQ	4	0	I think this is the best frozen yogurt I've ever had. Even better than Golden Spoon, which is saying a lot cuz I love that place. I tried the peanut butter, triple chocolate (not my personal fav but my coworker loved it), cake batter (to die for), strawberry (tastes like a strawberry malt), snickerdoodle, and prailine. They have the best toppings of any yogurt shops I've visited. Favorites include choc chip cookie dough, mini gummi bears, mochi, yogurt chips, cheesecake, and boba... not to overlook the fresh fruit....
N8i_-UP7gDa6VHBCO6giHA	gWQlTK3o29rZGlw2YLUnhA	5	0	I don't frequent Tempe too often, but when I do, I try to get a Tea Infusion run in... everytime I succeed, I literally have a grin on my face after every sip. It's the least strip mall-esque dining option in the whole of Tempe Market place and that is a BIG PLUS in my book. Add to that that they make Boba Smoothies the way I like them... how could I resist?Case in point: The Pumpkin Chai. Based off the rattlings of fellow yelpers, I decided to try the chai and asked if it could be boba-fied (which makes me want to say Boba Fet) and they said "SURE!" It was delish, but that was summer and now it's winter and so warm sounded yummy but I had never had a hot boba drink before. So I asked them if I could have it with boba and hot and what did they say? "SURE! But be careful it's hot." And oh so YUM!I think they deserve the taglines "Have it your way" and "Any way you want it" more than Burger King! Because out of all the Boba places in Metro Phoenix they are the only ones that have never said "No" to me before with Boba Juice coming in a close second.... but only because their range of options is less.Add to that that they have a Boba Smoothie called Carribbean Colada and it is a pretty comparable alternative to my favorite Pineapple Lychee flavor that only the now defunct AZN of Mesa could prepare for me... so with just 2 of their drink options I am in Boba heaven... wonder what else they have in store for me if I ever tire of my usual options and try something different... don't know if I can... I might have to do a gluttonous double order or sip-taste from a friends selection.But wait... Boba's not all they've got, they've got a tea list comparable to that of Cheesecake Factories menu... it is a long one... I've had a blueberry tea, strawberry and a coconut one and they were all pretty tasty. I've also had a panini there and it was quite tasty and filling--I took leftovers home.My only wish is that the space Tea Infusion is housed in was more spacious with lounge seating in addition to table options so one can really settle in and work or chat with friends, but heck, I'm just happy they're here and serving the valley some tea-tastiness.I'll tea back REAL SOON!
GD6730TWOxLJYOPEXGRS6g	Pr9rQKypHgC_J1AfufxzIw	4	0	Yummy breakfast!  Enjoyed the pancakes.
uLHy84c3g1FADkIOpxMtxA	dzncF6n6MHJLXUo4_J6eig	5	2	We purchased a Groupon deal and went and tried this restaurant . The food is excellent and the service is very good . If you are wanting real Texas BBQ then this is the place to go!
Zr50sINJKYnWhnqLShzI8Q	k6Si433-EJrY4J7SZxsnjA	3	1	Hmm, a bit disappointed. I had been here several times when I used to live in Scottsdale, but that was 3+ years ago, and I must say that I think things have gone downhill here. The bruschetta toppings on the combination platter were odd for the most part, with the exception of the traditional fresh tomatoes and basil, which was delicious and worth mentioning. The provolone on the sausage bruschetta was excessive and the overall combination of flavors just didn't work. The pesto bruschetta was SUPER garlic-heavy, even for someone like me who loves garlic. I couldn't finish either of the latter types of bruschetta. Onto the main course - pizza. Had the Toscana, which has mozzarella, tomato sauce, mushrooms, and sausage. The crust was burnt and flavorless and the toppings just seemed kind of bland and strangely old-tasting. I mean, not fresh. Weird, I know. I sort of liked the red sangria, but it was a somewhat odd twist on sangria, as it was pretty sweet and not very strong. I am sorry, Grazie. I am spoiled by having had the best pizza on earth in Chicago and am too excited to try the other acclaimed pizza joints in Phoenix/Scottsdale to return to your restaurant.
ngmjKL06ypxUkDqpFCPedQ	wN_wAXWg8W94v04eqijy6g	5	2	!!!!!!! ***  O M G ......So GOOD  ***   !!!!!!!My family & I keep coming back to this place. We drive over 10 miles to get our fix. I think it's safe to say that we are officially hooked, and when we are jonesin for Tacos Atoyac there better not be anyone or anything standing between us and our Food!Today we all came aways lickin our chops and yummy in our Tummy. I might not brush my teeth tonight!Here's what we had:~ I had scrambled eggs with chorizo (dry), cheese, onions, potatoes, and Jalapenos. Served with side of refried black beans and spicy rice, and a little plate of grilled onions (sweet & tastey) and jalapenos.~ The little woman had a Spicy burrito:al  pastor, cheese, onions, jalapenos, mayo, avocado, ~ The kid had 5 mini carne asada tacos with cheese.
ieumu7u7duQBUy5IT66WbQ	TVJT7Xknd-ikf4vskcjKQw	5	0	I love the owners.  Very friendly and accomodating.  One night we had called after they had closed, and were pleasantly surprised when someone answered.  Turns out they were hosting a private party.  They agreed to take our order, which made us pretty happy.I adore their Greek fries.  Olive oil, lemon, and the perfect amount of fetta.  Been here several times for lunch, and always leave happy.  Looking forward to meeting friends here for happy hour.
FnhRPqDQheoKHcPqzlELJg	WJ5mq4EiWYAA4Vif0xDfdg	3	2	I stopped in here at 6:45am one morning and was told I was a bit early.  I'm used to coffee shops opening earlier I guess, but they were nice about it and invited me in to sit and wait. I liked their stacks of Latin American Vogue, and the artwork on the walls was nice.  They also had ice water out for you to serve yourself. I ordered my usual americano, and was pleased.  They have raw sugar you can serve yourself by the heaping spoonful out of a pretty candy dish.  That was lovely.Also, they are now the only place to carry Sweet Peas Bakery items.  My favorite thing to do was walk down to Danielle's shop downtown and pick up some coffee at Royal and some of her Rosemary Shortbread cookies.  It doesn't sound yummy, but believe me they are!  Be sure to ask for some. At the time I went, the place was obviously not crowded and I received attentive service...
OSCOZBMl_miGbRd4h-6azw	juzATNnxyBWEdQoDoKrEuw	1	1	Goddess got it right.  This place is pretty, and it looks so promising.  Big disappointment.   There was nothing for vegetarians.  The food was mediocre at best.  I'd choose Pho Nhat over this pretty restaurant any day.  Don't judge a book by its cover.  No good.
bM80ahZ8nPM-ClAu1FdDbQ	jCUOqEK8Lln0PK3GeUl6IQ	4	0	When I'm looking for the more mature, laid back version of Lux, I come to Copper Star. Coffee is not as good but service is great and place is inviting. Great neighborhood favorite.
Yh8V1ZVt3vCssaoT6PAm6Q	EMGkbiCMfMTflQux-_JY7Q	5	1	Great food and service. Normally a wait on the weekend, but what would you expect.
aULZki22oNRlfUMyxzJxsg	2FudHUhV9U54dm0S1ePuCw	5	1	best coffee in phoenix (so far). experienced and friendly baristas, a large sitting area inside, nice decorations, community conscious, promotes local art and artists, outdoor sitting area, easily accessible location from the light rail and from the portland park neighborhood. i had a short vanilla cappuccino and the thing that made it the best insofar to my search for phoenix's best espresso was definitely the milk. it was properly steamed microfoam. the shots were right on, too.the milk i've had elsewhere in phoenix doesn't compare. thumbs up to fair trade.
dSa-IKXBjz0YInXDBXx5kQ	muCl5p-9ut1sY0aKeUeRhw	4	0	When Sen. Ken Cheuvront opened this restaurant, I was living in Midtown phoenix and it was at a time when a lot of restaurants in the area didn't exist. I was beyond excited of it's creation. It's a very trendy urban feel, with a nice patio on Central Avenue. Located at the bottom of Artisan condos, it's not a terribly easy place to see if you're driving by. They feature an incredible selection of wines and cheeses, of which you can purchase and take home as well as nosh in the restaurant. They also feature smaller sized entrees for those who are not looking to get stuffed on greasy messes and feel sick all night.A particular favorite of mine are the ancho pork empanadas which are fluffy and crispy with a little orange in the pork. They are definitely delicious. Also great is their white pizza featuring sea scallops. There is nothing here that is oddly unique, but everything is interesting, and it is a nice spot to hang out with friends and have a nice night out. Especially during a first friday.
GlFyloK36QBo7Qwn1DVarQ	-sC66z4SO3tR7nFCjfQwuQ	2	4	After stopping by Gallo Blanco for breakfast our second and last time, I have to wonder when the last time was that Doug Robson set foot in his establishment?  We have been going to Gallo Blanco since it opened on a regular basis and finally decided to try breakfast a couple of weeks ago.  We showed up about an hour after they opened, requested coffee and OJ, and were told that they had no OJ because "no one worked last night, so no one made it."  Uh, okay, what have you slackers been doing for the hour that you've been open this morning?  Fast forward to yesterday, when we decided to give it another go.  We showed up about 45 minutes after they opened, desperately wanting a Bloody Mary.  Guess what?  The bartender hadn't showed up yet...we were walking out to go elsewhere (we REALLY wanted a Bloody Mary--don't judge) when she did arrive and we popped over and ask if she could make them--then we would have sat back down and had breakfast.  Nope, she said, she needed 15 minutes to get set up.  It wasn't the 15 minute wait that made us leave--we had to drive somewhere else, after all--but her response sent us to the door.  F you, Gallo Blanco, for hiring a parade of unsupervised, couldn't-care-less-hipsters that are slowly ruining the excellent reputation Robson worked so hard to earn.
wLH_lWJ9og4uJuPciEiJLQ	lk-6NXfpSgvNw7zm0xtUVw	4	1	Huge burritos for $7. Enough for 2 people.  Fresh and tasty!  Plus very friendly service.  I prefer going here vs the Taco Bell in front of them :)
AYc9uXZLg_x9IH40RS7oHg	apCfJVnRyaw6oVUBKujpUQ	5	0	OK ok ok.  I'll have to agree with some of the below reviewers that this place isn't dead-on authentic Mexican food.  That being said, I love it!  The place is huge, sporting a bakery (said many times before) with unbelievably dirt cheap pastries (not said as many times before), a little carniceria (not as good as Carniceria Sonora) and a huge dining area.  The dining area with all its painted mural glory is so goddamn cool that I find myself wanting to just hang out there for hours watching La Primera Division de Mexico on TV and enjoying a nice $2 Dos Equis.  The food - that's probably the only tougher part.  Keep in mind it's still pretty good, but there are better places in the area for getting your Mexican on food wise.  The potato taco is worth getting because it's fairly unique, but it came out so soggy that I had to eat it with a fork.  I grabbed a couple of the Yelp-Advertised taquitos as well - keep in mind these are not the Circle K, rolling taquitos.  They are literally just smaller tacos, but they were damn good.I guess when it comes down to it, I'm an atmosphere buff.  There were so many cool things to check out in this multi-plex, and the atmosphere was so warm that I'd love to head back again soon.
DAHiLsxKFch-pt9K47D2Gw	yeLq-452CkaKw1ynn0nRNw	4	0	I would give them a 5 if the service was better.  The food is always great.  I've tried 6 or 7 different versions of the calzone and the stromboli is awesome.  My boys love the pizza.  The price is great for the portion.  Great family spot and the delivery is on time.
CboKiJv0GmNBNcVPrsTmeQ	_oBxfuBd2qDEWaYsdvP_dg	2	0	I went to Gordon Biersch for a birthday party at the beginning of the month.  I had fun, but it had little to do with the establishment.  We had a special "deal" of $17 because we were such a big party.  There were soft drinks included in the price, but alcohol was more.  I have no issue with this, but the food was not very good.  I had a pasta dish and it was fine, but I am not dying to eat it again.  Then, we get our bills.  The price was not $17, there was additional tax and tip added on (which again is fine, but deceptive when we were told it would be $17 per person).  Then, my pregnant friend had a cranberry juice and sparkling water.  This apparently was not on the included menu and she was charged a $2 alcohol fee for her non-alcoholic beverage.  It just seemed a bit fishy to me.  Had it been an excellent meal, I wouldn't care about a few bucks, but it was just ok.
E3mDKGf2YqORQEbkBlXrnw	ZJxs1L4oMhX9GW00ty0aAg	2	1	For a chain or restaurant in general with "wing" in the name, this place really doesn't impress.If all you're looking for is standard draft beers, mediocre wings and sports, sure it'll fit that bill but it won't stand in any discernable way.Wings are just average sized. Selection of sauces is good, the hottest is pretty hot but not extremely flavorful. I suppose it's just there to burn you twice, you know what I'm talking about.I won't go on promoting a bunch of local bars or chains locally that do the same thing with wings, beer and sports. Oh okay, I will; Hazelwoods, Native New Yorker, Zipps and Tweakwoods all do some/everything better than Wild Wings.
LHZpeTeAHibycnPbQr3exA	cfy-C6XNFt-F-dCQfK7EDQ	5	0	When we first moved to Ocotillo the first thing we did was peruse yelp for the best local eateries. Mikado was one of the first things to splash onto our radar and we had to check it out. Luckily for us Mikado is literally a 2 minute drive from our house. :)The restaurant is low-key and I like how the lighting is a little dimmer than usual to create a more mellow ambience. The servers are all very attentive and kind which makes the eating experience so much more enjoyable. So anyway, on to the sushi! I adore sushi rolls with some kind of crunch in them which is why I love anything tempura. The Big Shrimp Tempura Roll is my favorite and it could stand alone as a meal because it's so ginormous. They stuff 3 large tempura shrimp in there with avocado and cucumber then drizzle it with eel sauce. LOVE! And while I'm on the subject, Mikado has mastered the art of frying up a perfect tempura. Their tempura shrimp is super crispy, isn't greasy and always fresh out of the fryer. The Crunch Roll is superb, the salad dressing is addictive and the chicken noodle udon soup is delicious. Their prices are great and you still get so much food. How can you go wrong? If you're within a 20 mile radius of Mikado you need to stop by.Also, I can't say this enough: Please support your local businesses! They depend on your patronage!
WF-a95N2wBbqtaKpeCLS5Q	hHE4OHAc8dONTV8QsGLbWg	4	0	Great organic fruits and veggies....very clean store...great customer service....fantastic deli dept....fresh fruits and veggies (non-organic)....and outstanding deals every week. I know some people say it is overpriced a bit and that is true to an extent....but the sales ad that comes every week is a must see and you will always find plenty of affordable items. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!
Rz-ge0_MhJAVarqOBGAIlA	Gq092IH6eZqhAXwtXcwc6A	4	0	If you are a beer snob, stay at home trying to make it yourself.  If you enjoy a decent local beer in an old chandler building with a nice atmosphere give this place a shot.  The owner used to be a brew-master at Four Peaks Brewery which is a local favorite in Tempe.  I am not a fan of the over-the-top Hops that a lot of folks enjoy.  A few of the offerings here have a bit too much bite for me.  The red ale was my favorite until they changed the recipe and over did the bitterness.  Right now I get a Sun Devil Ale when I go in and it is pretty good.  They will bring you a taster if you ask and will explain the offerings to help you choose.    The food is always good.  It is a bar so don't expect 5 star cuisine.  The fries are great and the sandwiches and salads are good as well.  I haven't been disappointed with a meal yet.  Even when busy service is decent.  Enjoy the beer, watch the game and let it all unfold.
Aocud5UUS8z_S-Dh3EMZbw	GDmue1oJaem9ilywDtA4_A	1	0	Not only was the music the worst I have ever heard the wait staff was as annoying as ever! Like a wanna be swanky place in a strip mall that smells like fish and plays horrible music. Food was so so but over priced for what it was.
7u3iR9MelrWy6QWBaqaDYg	wH9WtaTlrRawH_IpK90RPg	3	2	This place is fun for drinks. Although, I wouldn't suggest eating here... My friend and I had the grilled cheese and tomato soup. I love tomato soup - even cheap stuff in a can... but what they served us didn't even resemble soup at all! Without any exaggeration, it was literally pizza sauce. I hope it was some sort of mistake... but who does that? Puts straight pizza sauce in a bowl with a spoon? I had been drinking all night and was starving and still couldn't eat it. That being said, the staff here was great and the service was really fast.
BUYweJ7ca-HZRv95Ged5iw	zOCdVUKUN3b-obT67Qjyww	5	15	I attended a UYE (Unofficial Yelp Event) here and I have to say that Haus Murphy's pretty much wowed all 20 or so of us!It has taken me over a week to get to the review.  I was still reflecting on the German meatloaf, red cabbage and Weihenstephaner Hefeweizen.How do you say, "Damn that was good!" in German?  I have new found respect for German cuisine thanks to Chef Hoffman (not sure about the spelling there).The fubar of Yelpers (I am pretty sure that is the correct term for a large gathering of Yelpers) dined on the patio which is a great space.  Service was very good throughout the meal.There was quite a bit of sharing going on and although I don't remember everything I tried, it was all really good.It was great to see so many friends and meet some new Yelpers like Norm!
_Jb-l7CZH6qcDUjzk_CEdg	0Llpzg85OhJF2CqJPU08Ew	4	0	Cevapi and Burek oh my!! Plus I got to hang with my fabulous friend Amra! Score! We wanted something extra good to eat after finishing our Mud Factor race on Saturday and lord knows I have been craving some Cevapi so off we went to Euro Bakery. It was already bookmarked as a place I wanted to try so this was a win, win in my book. Everything is made fresh to order and once you walk in, you can smell the fresh baked bread that they have made throughout the day. There is also a mini grocery store for you to buy items as well.  My Cevapi (little beef sausages with fresh bread, onions and a  sour cream like dip) came out piping hot and piled high. My friends Burek was huge (hmm not sure hot to explain so you will have to look that one up) and we both dived in like it was the last meals we would ever have.Will I come back? Hmm heck yes, but alas this treat can only be saved for when I burn off and absurd amount of calories so that I can indulge and not feel guilty at all.  Hmm Cevapi and Burek = one VERY happy woman!
w-n_6zj3FQ-pvh7hc9gcaA	G27f2NAq05CkMaoiXBPY_A	1	1	Avoid this einstein's at all cost. I have been laying in bed puking for over 12 hours because I ate at this garbage dump. The reason I know it was them? My girl is laying next to me puking as well. And the only place we both ate together less than 24 hours ago was there.The incompetent staff that happens to grace this poorly operating business cannot tell the difference between a large drink and a medium and take over 10 minutes to make two identical sandwiches.After we got home and ate them, fast forward 6 hours and we are both puking our brains out.The most common reason for this to happen is when an employee does not wash their hands after getting feces on them. Then they touch my food and I get sick. Based on the staff that day, it does not surprise me one bit.I would recommend starving over going here. Never again. Now I will go speak to Ralph on the big white telephone some more.
K3I63jIcqoAc8425XClp_A	YQvg0JCGRFUkb6reMMf3Iw	4	12	La Bocca was on my radar since it opened earlier this year... I cannot believe how long it took me to finally get there, but it was worth the wait.  I went with a group of four on a Monday night.  (1/2 Price Bottles of Wine from 5pm - close on Mondays; needless to say, we took advantage of that special!)We let my friend Anthony do the ordering since he'd been many times before and he also has a vested interest of sorts... We started with two salads: the prosciutto, zucchini, and artichoke (my favorite) and the goat cheese and pear... also quite tasty.  You can't go wrong with either one.  We then had the truffled harvest mushroom and the spiced pepperoni pizzas.  Yum!  The thin crust and the combination of fresh ingredients on both of them were perfect!  Along the way, owner Julian Wright sat down with us to share some wine and conversation - he's fantastic!  While he was completely engaged in talking to our group, I could tell he was also constantly surveying the restaurant to make sure all was running smoothly.  Every patron that walked in the door received immediate attention including our group.  Our waitress was sweet and I liked that she gave some attitude back to Jared when he was joking around with her.We had a blast on top of a great meal and ended up staying for hours enjoying  two bottles of wine (maybe more than that as I lost track) during that time.  One of them was a La Crema Pinot Noir, but I think we had a merlot as well and maybe another Italian Red.  I guess I'll have to go back and take notes next time.  Another reason to return will be to try the brusschetta - it sounds amazing.  I have a feeling it won't take me as long to return to La Bocca as it took for me to get there in the first place.  You can't go wrong at La Bocca if you're looking for pizza, salad, wine, and all in a warm, welcoming atmosphere.  Check out their other daily pecials too - I know I will!
JlYyxi5NDlX911vCt5iojw	BdSY-BHmH0BCCv47mOOS0g	5	1	I LOVE love LOVE Coffee Bean.  I have been in love with Coffee Bean for years.  I am so bummed out that they are not all over the place like the "S" coffee store.  One of my favie drinks are the Pure Cholocate Ice Blended with whip cream and Green Tea Latte.  The service is always friendly, perky, and fully of sunshine.
xepfl0ovCnIcMN9OATS8PA	vjhOjeoKL_TGPXON6XDEsQ	5	0	Very good place to eat.. I go here atleast 3 times a week and the owners are very good people, they always interact with their customers. I pretty much know the owners and everytime I go there they already know what I want. I highly recommend this place.
M02b5MTdhiOneijWtSOFdA	VVeogjZya58oiTxK7qUjAQ	5	0	Taste buds went CRRRAAZZYYY!!Finally made it to the much raved about Pizzeria Bianco and happy I did. It was absolutely delicious. Thankfully we made it at a good time where we didn't have to wait at all for a table (YES!). I ordered the Margherita and was deliciously pleased. However, my sister opted for the Biacoverde and boooy was I jealous. It was awesome and my favorite by far.
4QdAw2rjR5JHMKPmnYH_yg	bc-lE-wGVAsUrX-kJhtY-Q	4	3	Shame on me for not writing a review sooner.  Dined here with three other friends during our Spring Training trip at the end of March. We had to make reservations about 2 months prior as well.  We arrived for our 6:30pm reservations and the place was packed! The bar was flowing, both dining areas were filled with people and the entry area was bustling. As we waited for our table, Muhammed Ali walked in with his wife and family members. That was a huge highlight. This place is rich with sports memorbillia and players often eat here after a game. Only odd thing was our waitress told us after that the Brewers Manager was also dining in the next room and that we could walk over there if wanted to. I am a super fan of baseball, but even I know the limits of someone's personal space. We each ordered a few appetizers, bottle of wine and some salads before our entrees. I ordered the 10 oz ribeye and it was delicous. We ordered a side of mac and cheese and it had lots of flavor.  This place is fun because of the sporting atmosphere, fans, players, coaches, etc. and it's walkable from Downtown Scottsdale. I'd definitely go back here again next year. For all the ladies, this place is a must visit for some great eye candy.
oFKT8GB3NxkhDiEx4Xy49Q	xWlCgISVtozxCztPA4nGaQ	3	0	First of all, I have to give Dos at least three stars just because it's Dos. I mean did going to Dos make me feel old, yes, were there some interesting people there and not in a good way, yes, did I spend more money than I wanted to, yes, but all in all you always have a great time. Nothin' but laughs. The giant jenga didn't suck either. Dos Gringos is a staple among the youngins, as I like to call 'em. In college, one will totally fit in, however, now'a days it's a place meant solely for people watching. And boy do you get an eye full. Drink's are cheap, tacos are good, and the bathrooms aren't as scary as you would think. Go! Have fun, get drunk.... but don't expect anything classy.
wQUNcLxr-0wVQZzVMJYnKw	QxEUzbLfCTXF6gHWJegWgw	5	1	I am giving Ajo Al's on Shae five stars because I've been there regularly for about two years and it's always good. Now let me point out two issues: I'm not a huge fan of Mexican food, and I only get the Tacos Del Mar or Ono Fajitas which are versions of the same thing. The chips are fresh made and great as are the salsa and hot salsa (more peppery and hot). For appetizers the Chili Con Queso Dip and Nachos are good sized and tasty. For a friend and I this location is somewhat out of the way but we still go regularly. Try it.Detail:Like I said I'm not exactly a fan of Mexican food. I like the Americanized fast-ish food chains: Qdoba, Chipotle even Baja Fresh. I've eaten at actual Mexican restaurants in Mexico and had home cooked Mexican fish tacos and tamales. It's growing on me but these are not tastes I grew up with.I have a friend who loves Ajo Al's, she lived next to it or something. So I pretty much got dragged there about two years ago and I liked it right away. Like I said, I've only really eaten the fish tacos but they're the best I've had. The fish is good, the sides are good, idk what chipotle cream is but it's good, good service, the chip lady is nice, all the wait staff have been good.It's typically not crowded but sometimes your go there and the place is close to full. I've never waited to be seated though. I've never tried the bar area. The water seams better than tap water...a dumb observation but I usually drink water rather than soda so I mention that. They give you a pitcher of water on seating and refill if needed. The chips and salsa are endless and excellent. Service is always good.Two friends typically get the Pollo Con Queso and swear it's the best ever. I've had it as left-overs and it's good but not really my thing.This is the only Ajo Al's I've been to...no comment on the rest of this chain.
6DaBsuW5csc00HOZRHxH_w	mQ6_slsCd8-c8WFNtESnqw	1	0	No no no...do not go here, now I'm not talking about the fact that the place looks crappy, or the bathroom is suspect but the fact that the food is nasty. It was completely empty when we were there and that should have been some indication on what to expect but no I am a glutten for punishment. I ordered some tacos and didn't even finish the meal I ended up just tossing the food and still got a tummy ache from what little I did eat. This place is definitely not a good look
d1Z1i2nIW8hI7wl3XLFxzA	vlKuU9Jvo88EuaYQodElQw	5	3	Ok, technically this is not Mexican food, it's spanish and puerto rican food, but has a lot of the same kinds of spices and is WAY, WAY, WAY good.first off, they have plaintains, which look like bananas, but taste like potatoes. if you've never had them, try them here, yum! this is definitely the place to go with a big group of peole and share a few different dishes. good luck, because the menu is HUGE. the dessert menu alone has two dozen items!seafood like ceviche and paella (supposed to be to die for), tapas, tamales, soup, salads, egg dishes (not breakfast),...the list goes on and on and that's just lunch!plates top off around $12 for the most expensive for lunch, but you can easily make a meal out of two apps.the mojito is their specialty, and they have i think a dozen rums to choose from, along with sangria. on the last monday of the month, every bottle of spanish wine is half off- you cork it if you don't finish it. i can't give this rest. a more glowing recommendation!
qAp8dZmAMV-AjKj3wQazaA	cN6aBxe2mQvrQlzk26LyRQ	5	2	Durants ROCKS.I love the red velvet walls.I love walking through the kitchen to get to the restaurant.I love the garlicky cheesy bread that probably has a million calories in it.I love the steaks.I love the decor.I love the bar.We all ordered different items when we went here for dinner one night, and all raved about what we had.  I don't think you can go wrong, no matter what you order.  It's amazing, delicious, and very very unique.
qb3S29JP8CxHo8ubyRB0HQ	AkOruz5CrCxUmXe1p_WoRg	2	4	I don't get what people like about this place. It's generally crowded with rushed service and the food has yet to impress. I've tried at least twice -- maybe I'm ordering wrong but I really just don't get it...
YESh1HscrQFt5wNJIvJHGw	uI4YqMarUpchI4I3ZWgOGA	4	1	What can I say...the food and drinks were delicious and the atmosphere is sexy yet comfortable.  But the real stars of the show where the staff!  Everyone was exceptional, funny and charming: a dashing maitre'd, a handsome and truly helpful waiter, the chef was warm and happy to explain their signature Chinese oven even though I'm sure he has to do that a thousand times a night and the support staff...wonderful.  The water ninja is not to be missed...this guy sneaks in and fills your glass with such speed and accuracy that water tension alone keeps the glass just slightly more than 100% full.  This guy amazed us with his serving mastery again and again while his plate clearing partner in crime delighted us with a quick coin trick.  Wonderful!
lVdmJGrvqQeioCREdEMOyw	9VYZA4vEKtT_SXHj-ZK_1Q	4	4	The first thing that sticks out in my mind was the service.  Our waitress was all smiles and incredibly adorable!Edamame was perfectly steamedSushi was tastySalmon Teriyaki was delicioussake and kirin washed it all downprices are reasonable and the atmosphere is calming.
9t24cezR92wSo-i0R3Eq4Q	PlcCjELzSI3SqX7mPF5cCw	5	0	I love this place. The Las Vegas roll is amazing however the crispy California roll isn't that crispy. Their sake is in fact bomb and the restaurant it always a good time. Their prices are reasonable for sushi places in Tempe and the service has always been awesome. If you've got a party bigger than 4 though, call ahead.
0r-3lTahS8BjNvVlCnzn7Q	wl51t6lT7leiX64SlkOx6g	4	1	Have been to Pita Jungle twice before. Feel the wait staff do a good job. Always friendly and good service. Best hummus in town. For s dollar more get the bigger plate of hummus but ask for extra pitas (39 cents each) and some extra cucumbers and tomatoes (99 cents). Not a fancy place but certainly someplace you want to try out.
sLmWtcpY0CtBlbBhyLsiAQ	4eFIVmbeCvJGCrhzmd-VYA	5	0	Some of the best coffee I've ever had -- and I lived in Portland. Insanely good selection & product. Tanzanian peaberry off the charts. Owner gets beans from multiple sources to ensure that his selection is the best.
3jviFxMFlJtC-thrvzH-Dg	bSFuJDDTj6BeKypgBNFBGg	5	1	One of my most favorite coffee shops! Location for sure. Soooo cute here. Inside and out. The patio is beautiful and you feel like you're in a diff city for a moment. Coffee is pretty darn good. Not the best, but good. And the menu is great. I am a vegetarian and they have many options for us. The treats are amazing. The staff is amazing. And they always seem to play great music too. Love this place. Wish it were not so far away in Mesa...
iej6KUhOh7PPyJm7O5Whbw	qgJZUKNVY-LbGKk6XEP3JA	5	0	I love this restaurant. Very cheap, very clean, the food is sooo good. My mom and I eat there once every couple of weeks, sometimes twice once a week. The staff is very friendly and attentive. The environment is very comforting. I recommend this place to anyone who loves cheap but tasty Mexican food.
knulGcZvJ3vdJ3cpXK68RQ	vNqZefvRyaqfa_QJEd4wXw	4	2	Lam's Seafood Market is a rare Asian gem in the Westside.. sort of like me ;-) haha just kidding. I love this place! Great prices, fresh seafood :-)They also have a wide assortment of Filipino products which is a MUST for my kitchen. The parking lot is a lil shady and could use some covering for the potholes.
ZXenZaKVMZ8FVOLe1Sbbhg	UIfORCz28cEGMr_9p0eJ5g	4	2	I'm a sucker for sweet potato fries!  Any place serving this yummy delicious ingredient deserves my love.  I think I can survive off this for 30 days....any reality TV show takers...huh..huh?  Well, over food was really excellent.  Gourmet burgers are to die for aren't they!?  Sorry Carl's Jr...your $6 burger -- really?  I had the number 3 here - yeah sounds like a secret Chinese sauce, but better!  My burger was cooked just right - juicy and medium-well.  The service was good and the atmosphere tries to re-enact modern hip fine dining.  Though you probably wouldn't know the difference after a few bottles here :) - enjoy!
VHlEeajmQg6oVBHYmaoUvA	pa_Ft6pLLWo-w_iopBsu0g	4	5	3.5 starsFast friendly service and the food was good. I ordered Hung Pao rice bowl, while it was not huge and loaded with things it was plenty for a lunch size. The food tasted good. We ordered it Sunday evening for dinner. Orange chicken, General Tso chicken and chicken fried rice. ALL with white meat. While I really like the fact you can get all white meat, it was a little dry. Perhaps the way it was sliced and not in small cubes? All the food was good but not the best I have had. I would order again.
ovvWjSlkAt2lUeaFajvOvg	VKNl2-aF4n1x7lPVyU-Mag	4	5	Imagine this, a swanky new Scottsdale restaurant that has down to earth prices, fantastic food and attentive top-notch service? Sometimes it's hard to believe that this kind of place even exists, but its no mirage, the Spotted Donkey Cantina is everything that I had hoped and more. Starting with the service, there are details that just go to show how the owners and management are in tune with training of the staff. Everyone we encountered was pleasant, seemingly happy and genuine. I have to tell you though, when it comes to eating at SDC, you'll be in good hands, Chef Patrick Bolls hands to be exact. His background includes years working with local chef-lebrity Robert McGrath, which has paid off in chiles. The southwestern influenced menu is well balanced with just a little bit of something for everyone. I mean who doesn't love the addictive crunch of La Canasta Corn Chips ($6)? Along side are 3 different salsas including a smoky charred tomato, a deeply flavored red chile orange and finally a tomatillo green chile salsa. All were surprisingly mild though these seemed more about flavor rather than scorching your face, that'll come later.The "Shooters" ($8) seemed harmless enough. A chubby jalapeno pepper stuffed with cheddar cheese and bacon then encrusted with a coating of tortillas and deep fried. At fist bite your mouth is filled with a creamy spurt of hot cheese followed by the pork-tastic flavor of bacon. Then it hits you, the burn from the jalapeno is scorching but a quick dip into cilantro buttermilk sauce helped cool the flame. If you're still trying to cool the flavor induced fire one of SDC many salad choices will do the trick. The Spotted Donkey "Chop" Salad ($12) is prepared table side with you controlling the amounts of roasted corn, cucumber, queso fresco, cilantro, warm smoked bacon, and avocado. Then tossed in a luscious jalapeno buttermilk dressing and served with crispy flour tortilla chips on the side, it cools and satisfies. Composed into tidy rows of tortilla crusted chicken breast, avocado, bacon, chopped egg and manchego cheese and dressed in chipotle vinaigrette, the dinner sized Southwest Chicken Cobb Salad ($12.50) was almost big enough to share. The center of my universe, at least for a minute, was the char grilled Big Ol' Jack Ass Angus Burger ($11.50). This is a seriously tasty burger, topped with cheddar cheese, caramelized onions, avocado, jalapenos and horseradish mustard, fries on the side. Continuing with the meat parade, a sizzling iron skillet filled with Fajitas ($16) was placed in front of me. While you have your choice of chicken or shrimp, the idea of beef tenderloin mixed with sausage, sweet onions and tomatoes seemed like the hearty choice. Along side are the usual accompaniments like guacamole, salsa, crema and warm flour tortillas, what was unusual were how quickly I scarfed these down, delicious. While the space feels decidedly modern and upscale there wasn't one moment where I felt uncomfortable or out of place, even with burger juices running down my face.
SJWeFwy7y0d9oEoYNj2vAw	zp713qNhx8d9KCJJnrw1xA	5	0	If this place only served chips and their salsa bar, I would still give it 5 stars!  As a salsa and hot sauce (they're different, people!) fanatic, I tend to judge Mexican food joints based on their quality of salsa - and La Condesa ranks high!  Last time I was there, I counted 10 different salsas and 2 or 3 different condiments (limes, onions, etc.).  They offer a wide range of salsas from their exotic strawberry salsa, to spicy chipotle, or creamy cilantro.  It looks a little silly with 8 little cups on salsa at your table, but you have to try them all! The horchata here is also 5-star material.  Don't be a cheapskate - shell out the $4 for it! Its giant, it will make you happy. And, when you're done with it you can eat the fruit and nuts - the drink keeps on giving! I have been here twice and have only eaten the veggie tacos, 2 of them are enough to fill me up and they are very delicious!  I must say I am not a huge fan of their rice and beans, which seem a bit bland to me.  But, the tacos, salsa and drinks all make up for some plain 'ol rice! I was very  happy to see a decent sized crowd here on my most recent visit and that La Condesa is applying for a liquor license.  This place needs to stick around for awhile!
XsFCbidWcFmpcHrJFSolWg	Xq1FtLSV54Spf-HfONc1aA	4	0	These guys have some yummy donuts and the prices are great.  Their donuts seems to be more authentic... they feel more hand made than machine made.   I'll be back.
12bupTNyycNPXhf9JXXyzw	zG_wv69bsllw_PWhOmoAKQ	5	2	Tarbell's is top notch in all areas!  Food quality, service, ambience, amazing!  I recently took ten business associates there for a meeting, and I got nothing but compliments the next day on such an excellent choice of restaurant!  Definitely try the Spaghetti & Meatballs as well as the Mac N Cheese, and even the Pizzas are to die for.  And the burger too!  You really cant go wrong here.  Warning the deserts here are HUGE (yet amazing).  One desert is enough for 2-3 people!
TMgkOvM1iBpkiZADCZdT2g	IuAPYzf3NSyfyXYgT46YVA	2	1	Two stars for bad service and, damn, I have to the tell the truth, a lousy appetizer.  Had the braised leeks to start, which appeared to have been made less of leeks and more of a white cheese that I can only assume had been allowed to congeal into a rubbery mat beneath a heat lamp.  It was literally impossible to cut into bite-sized pieces, and was tasteless besides.  Then, after at least a half an hour wait, pasta with chanterelles.  The shrooms were great, and I have to say I enjoyed fennel for the first time in my life, but the pasta was enormous in size and there was an awful lot of it.But one of my friends had the fried green tomatoes, which were wonderful, and another had the brussell sprouts, also wonderful, and the butterscotch pudding dessert with the nutmeg whipped cream was simply divine.They were very busy (our reserved table was 20 minutes late and the seats were still warm when we sat down), so I'm thinking they were just run off their feet.  I'd give them another chance.Oh, and a delightful Arizona sauvignon blanc.  I'm told they serve only Arizona wines, which is kinda cool..
d8_hIfyaU8ldWWBPr5yQKw	TfTlOE6h9E9o34dEkw9L_w	4	1	We popped in here for a brew while walking around heritage square.The waitstaff is very friendly and attentive.Note: if you just want a brew - you can order it inside!We went with a local Hefe and it was great!The options for noshing look great, but we were headed for dinner so we didn't get a chance to try them out!See you there soon!
qSLByPSKUzX4iDZ0X9GA7Q	4meJyPOhuAKzywUJTmu2hw	3	1	Decent food at not unreasonable prices. The service is good. What is up with the hyper aggressive pigeons on the patio? The waitresses actually pass out squirt guns to the the customers to fend off the ever persistent waves of the foul fowl. At the end of your patio experience there is a certain sense of camaraderie shared with the other patrons.
Sa8YTz2qAVH9FZHuWTVxuw	yYbd9P1KmlPSKmQxo68n_g	4	1	Went on a recommendation from my brother...I owe him a beer or something!  Great, great food.  The bbq is the best I've had anywhere, hands down.  The prices are great.  We tried all of their sides while there (Group of 5, and you get 2 sides with each meal, so we did it on purpose).  The potato salad was pretty disappointing, and is the only thing holding me back from 5 stars.  The rest were delicious.  DO not miss out on the BBQ beans or the mac & cheese (I know, "mac and cheese--really?") YES.  Little bits of their smoked bacon mixed in makes it so, so good. Sweet potato fries were really, really good as well. I did not try the waffle fries, but my husband liked them & he is a waffle fry snob.Had the pulled pork, spicy sausage, beef brisket, ribs...all of it delicious.  They have a wide variety of sauces you get to pick out & add yourself, or just eat the meat straight up.My 12 year old daughter said that "the food tastes like the air smells when you go camping" (she was referring to that delicious smokey flavor...it was cute to me).The place is small, but I don't blame them for that--you have to be able to establish yourself in this economy or you'll go under.  Hopefully they will be able to expand someday.  Driving out from Mesa won't be easy!!
25bhK5sNDc2SheiNknIWKw	24OmQWFTnbfGv-e8GyEMAw	4	0	Chambord margaritas are killer!
mRtpQtc1CDnFvNaQf7D_Jg	EWMwV5V9BxNs_U6nNVMeqw	3	5	FEZ... The two times that I went it was in the afternoon on the weekend. Both times, I was able to enjoy a great lunch with my sister and cousin and then again with my sister. The two dishes I liked were the FEZ burger and the Casa Blanca Chicken.  The berry shortcake was good, however the water from the strawberries sort of killed the whipped cream and the shortcake (biscuit) was very good.Overall the environment during those times were peaceful and quiet. The staff offered advice on the menus. The price a little high for my wallet but I would definitely come back to splurge with great company in tow.
IuGDOM0RoT5mewUia4jGCQ	Y293fHh5SZ0_9BZm4M6BCg	3	1	The food was good - nothing extra special.  I like that you get guacamole with your meal and that they have lingua on the menu.  I will have to go back and try it.  The things I did not like were they sat our group of 10 right by the server station.  It's awkward to overhear their conversations.  The service seemed a bit lackluster.  It was almost as if they were not intrested in a big group coming in.  Our server was pretty good, but not overly friendly.  I will definately try this place again and update.
OVMAPAqvIsSEpqenBXwS8w	d52zg-S0o940WUCK-nNiKw	4	0	This place would have gotten 5 stars for the food, but I deducted for the decor. In my humble opinion you have as close to authentic as your going to get. The place is close to being considered a "DIVE" but hey, you don't eat the building and furnishings. I like the fact they give generous portions and you can buy their home made tortillas and other items in quantities to take home and prepare it to fool your guests....did I say that out loud? LOL.... when I was in Nursing school (not far from there) I ate there a lot...gain a ton, but enjoyed every delicious minute of it!
FxvbsDJFS4zJ7M36SqBITw	DxUn-ukNL27GOuwjnFGFKA	5	3	Japanese chefs, top notch sashimi, affordable neighborhood sushi place! 5/5I'd lived in Japan before and this place can beat those in Tokyo! If you go to Hiro, you have to order their sashimi. We always order scallops sashimi, yellow tail, salmon, toro sashimi and uni (sea urchin)! Their rolls are amazing too. All sashimi comes in a big-fat-lap portion! Very fresh! The service is great too.
RK0roqYbTA-phbBM0EHUWA	7QSYBp2-AOdyUJXEaLnbgA	5	1	I couldn't wait to get home and yelp this place. Five stars, too! After a (raw chicken) bad experience some 13 years ago, I hadn't been to Bandera until tonight. WOW! It was a GREAT experience!!! We started off with a grilled artichoke which was fabulous! Both of us had the Texas Hill Country Ribs which came with cole slaw (not your ordinary cole slaw) and the most delish matchstick fries. Unfortunately, I don't eat seeds and nuts (peanuts in the cole slaw...my husband loved it) but the very polite and wonderful server, Sarah, offered some other sides and I picked the braised red cabbage, which came with a little goat cheese on the top which was to die-for delish!! Home made wonderful braised red cabbage! The entire meal was SUPERB! The service was phenomenal, and we were lucky enough to sit by the kitchen and see all of the dishes come out...they all looked YUMMY! I am so happy that my neighbor suggested Bandera's ribs, and will go back frequently as you can tell this place is run as a tight ship. Everyone is polished, polite and efficient! The food is an experience in perfection, and the service tip top!Next time, I'll take some pictures (if I'm not too hungry)... I don't think it's a shorts and jeans type of place but a dressy/casual type of place, if you know what I mean...REALLY EXCELLENT FOOD!
WuclF2kuNH_5OBIXEhKkNg	RmA5zN-Bs89lsTuY6v8W3Q	2	2	This is not that great of a place.  It's very upscale but the folks behind the sushi bar don't really seem to know what they are doing.  It took forever to get a beer and a sake here.  The worst part was the sashimi yellowtail.  It looked like it was purple on the edges.  If you want to play it safe and get a tuna roll, it will be safeway quality but nothing too special.  This place is more about atmosphere and where to eat if you have a glittery scottsdale shirt you need to show off.
N2q3TaeGPf-u4hbQOSZ13g	YKOvlBNkF4KpUP9q7x862w	4	9	Since The Mission is getting ready to celebrate their one year anniversary, I figure it's time for an update.  I went in for my first visit last November, shortly after they opened, and I've been in countless times since.  The atmosphere is amazing, the staff welcoming, the food unique and tasty... oh, and the drinks go down easy too!The Mission has become Jared's second home - he's there much more than I am!  I go for an occasional drink or dinner.  My favorite menu item is the tableside prepared guacamole.  It's fantastic!  I am also a huge fan of the white bean puree, the street corn, and the salmon.  I wish they had some lighter options on the menu though - just a suggestion on behalf of those of us that are health-conscious!If you enjoy Latin-inspired fare, for sure go check out The Mission... Or at the very least, go in for a drink and some guacamole.  Look for Jared at the bar when you're there!I"ll for sure be excited to celebrate The Mission's one year anniversary in late October.  I'm sure it will be one helluva party!  It always is at The Mission!
jIDokYgWG1ZlkdUrWIsq0A	lk-6NXfpSgvNw7zm0xtUVw	4	2	So we have passed by this place many times.  I've been into the Ace Hardware right next to it several times.  Don't know how we have never seen this place.  Fortunately we searched yelp for something new and gave it a shot.  The street tacos are awesome.  Looks like I'll have to go back for a carne asada burrito, but based on the size I saw (and what I've read), it's gonna have to be a one item meal!  They're huge!  I tried the street tacos to sample a few things...carnitas, pollo and pescado.  All excellent.  I would have to lean to the carnitas though.  Definately going back!Only reason it didn't get 5 stars is there was a kid sweeping and mopping the floor and we were having to get out of his was several times.  Just kinda rubbed me wrong. And while I loved the music, it was a bit loud and I don't know how much it was there for the ambience, the customers, or the staff.   Everything else about the staff was great.  Friendly and positive.  Mabe my next trip will kick it up to 5.....
6eiIToYaP7GXb4KZU8-ESQ	6ie9xvy2WW1pn7RuBvGNhg	5	1	I love Tasty Kabob!  Their food is always excellent, and I try to make it back there whenever I return to the Valley.  I always order their chicken shish kabob entree, which comes in a generous portion that includes rice and grilled vegetables.  The chicken is always tender, well-marinated, and equally well-seasoned.  Their beef shish kabob entree is also very good. Try shaking a little sumac spice onto the rice and meat for some extra flavor, or just enjoy it as is.  It's difficult to choose from their list of appetizers and side dishes, but their hummus is always creamy and smooth, and I love their shirazi salad.  Their spicy beans dish, however, is, by far, my personal favorite, and I always make sure to order it.  Just as important as the food is the friendly service I encounter whenever I visit.  The couple who own the restaurant always make you feel welcome.  Good food and service that makes you feel at home, what more can you ask for?  Simply put, Tasty Kabob is one of the best.
qGT5H6MpoKn5_LlDlpCwPA	sMO71vGV8wkKujOle3-v7g	3	1	Dave's has a good BBQ sauce and reminds me very much of KC style BBQ and side's.  I have eaten here a few times and found that the portion sizes are immense!  Service has always been efficient and no reason to complain about anything.  I think this BBQ place would be the best option for a large group.Is this the best BBQ in the world?  No, but I sure wouldn't turn it down!Enjoy!
NMz3gC5nOSbKZJG_UjpASg	hh2lP4_2N-tk_OxmaTf_qA	3	0	I have been wanting to eat here since it opened and finally got the opportunity.  The ambiance and service is excellent, however that was not the reason why I was there.  I was there for the food that a lot of people have been raving about.I read somewhere that the hanger steak was their specialty and I don't disagree.  I had a taste and it was indeed very tasty.  And if I go back I will definitely get it.  And at under $20 it is a steal.  However, I ordered the 8oz filet for myself.  It was cooked properly and tasted good but not memorable.  The individual sauces that you can order on the side were also nothing special.  And yes, the fries were just as everyone on Yelp said they were; good but just like In-n-Out's, but cooked a bit longer.  The sides dishes were ok at best and were a bit on the smaller side.  However, the potato gratin was amazing and better than I have had at any steak place thus far.While it is less expensive than Mastros/City Hall, I think that for a few extra dollars it is worth going to a better place.  In my opinion, Mastros/City Hall have much better steaks and better/bigger side dishes.  However, J & G does have a better ambiance.
SYeNPJ-4E8X0Kuu1lxrQfA	uKSX1n1RoAzGq4bV8GPHVg	5	4	Dim lighting. Fleet Foxes. Beautiful upstairs seating that almost seems secret. Band of Horses. Benches that are less cushy than you anticipate them to be. The Shins. Black board specials, just because they look cool. Beirut. $13 vegetable dishes. Intimidated yet? Fight through the angst. Once you take your first bite of food, all the hullabaloo will be well worth it.Order the forbidden rice bowl. Tell them to make it vegan (the vegetables are usually cooked in a bit of butter)... after all, you're a pseudo-hipster for the evening, and it's fantastic. If you're depressed by the idea of black rice as your main carbohydrate, the flat breads are taste-gasmic. That crust... the things I'd do for unlimited amounts of that flat bread crust. Top it off with figs and ricotta, and there's no way I'm passing up a square or two... or seven. If you're still not sold on the idea of carb-loading, the salmon "superfood" is delicious and nutritious, and who's not into a little super(food)iority now and then?But on to the main event... the chocolate stout cake + spiced ice cream + espresso ganache was the best chocolate cake I've ever had. It was just so damn... moist. There, I said it. Moist. Moist. Moist. Ew. But really, yum. If caffeine, chocolate and alcohol don't suit your fancy (wimp), the cheesecake in a jar was equally delightful. Cookie crust + strawberry compote + cream + cheesecake. Layered. In a jar. Who thought of that? Someone with adorable thoughts, that's who. And let's be honest, you've earned dessert. I mean... you ordered a healthy, vegan entree over the french onion cheeseburger, right? Right. Of course you did.
H1oJiN5CU3nRAbt1FtawrA	iqLVYrsX25XUZqjRjvbYfg	1	3	Tried a couple Tammie Coe cupcakes and a mini muffin two weeks ago... Unfortunately for them, I also sampled Ollie Cakes... No wonder Ollie Cakes, aka Urban Cookie, won Cupcake Wars and Tammie Coe sits in high rent selling pretty sugar disguised as a cupcake.Drive a few miles north, get whatever the special cupcake of the day is along with a Brown Velvet and Lemon, and save saying you enjoyed Tammie Coe for impressing snooty folk who wouldn't know yummy if it bit them on the butt!Really, the TC cakes were just cakes... No flavor, no texture, dry... And I can't say how impressed I was that the clerk shoved all my selections into one, tiny, flat bag meant for cookies or sandwiches!  Apparently presentation and flavor preservation mean nothing... As their products now do, at least to me.
sPH0GRqMNOhp7IIxhK1M3A	GHYOl_cnERMOhkCK_mGAlA	4	1	Had the super burger and fries tonight... excellent! I like that while they do have some tv's on with sports on them... the housemusic takes front stage.  Might be different on big playoff nights.Also... the tequila thyme drink... delicious and actually had some alchyhol in it!  Fantastic!
_jQYXSdXmVs1IWrld0jpLg	1_43FZHx3P5D7X-CpIR9WA	1	3	I work right across the street and a few of us went here for lunch one afternoon. I ordered a salad to go. As soon as I saw the guy grab shredded sandwich lettuce to make my salad I almost told him to stop but I didn't. I regreted it when I started to dig in and realized the lettuce was brown and yellow. Very disappointed. $6+ bucks for nasty lettuce tomatoes and green peppers. I ordered a salad thinking I was getting something like the picture on their website. I won't be returning here. I'll be passing on lunch next time the co-workers opt for this place.
ydC7lfTH9PsDBxfPHo8ZEw	zp713qNhx8d9KCJJnrw1xA	4	3	Things Evolve over time, so has La Condesa, There now is a big fancy bar and a somewhat different menu.What really matters is that the flavor, ans salsas are still here.I had a burrito with Mahi Mahi in it, it came loaded with spinach, mushrooms, cheese and rice. The cheese was a bit much but was still great at 10.59 with tax it should be.What really mad it great was the salsas. Everything from a peanut salsa, to a strawberry to many of the classic favorites. I really enjoyed the roasted peepers and onions salsa.Yes the inside is small and the parking is suicidal when you leave, but if you need a flavor shot give this place a try.
9JIIMd4KvnjBaHSOL8wsOA	CFaRVxsnN4Zjf28cbORKIA	4	1	Great food and friendly staff.   The chips and salsa were very good. So were the chicken chimichangas. Great prices too!
qJJi0hlub1z7RuPooLYGkg	TwMfahsPHFnkLiqqvyalAQ	5	3	R.T. O'Sullivan's really hit the spot! The service and the atmosphere were outstanding. We were put into the back room which was perfect for our large group of 45 plus. The server kept track of everything even as people moved around and socialized. The food was wonderful. We will be going back!
1K8lpoRO5UCXwPOoezpWtg	ggBkO170QkYZAezFGMKYjQ	3	1	Bizarre location with good food. Don't expect an "environment". It's poorly decorated but looks as if there is a rockin karaoke setup there. Still, I liked it.
0hA3HG4cGDjEP4IFzIKVWw	tcxNX3YiHNbaobEpPFyOtA	3	0	Good fish fry place. I've also had there Monster Burger- delish.
Ne_bcSSfG1hFPhw-ZnaYMw	0m0KmAYGvC34MfwJIEgCEA	5	0	I love Fuddruckers because I can put my own toppings on including gooey, melty fake cheese!  Also, they have frings (a combo of fries and onion rings).  Very tasty.
HLzVLxTmp0DUb_Dg8D42vA	5tey93wPQOb7z6jOLJZ30w	4	0	Kudos to the manager for reaching out to make our next visit here better!! The wings still rank high in my book, alongside the buffalo chicken dip!!! Our waitress was super helpful & gave terrific service! Thanks for making our 2nd visit to Half Moon one which makes us want to return again in the future!
AJ8SBbwlIAY05Ka2e2nshg	flUKBy7WHqYdfOrwU1A2SA	5	1	The food is fantastic, the staff is helpful and the atmosphere is comfortable. The food at El Bravo just tastes better than the food at any other Mexican restaurant I have been to in Phoenix, regardless of price. The cheese is amazing! I love their flour tortilla flautas , crispy beef tacos, cheese crisps, enchiladas (I could go on and on). I really can see no reason to go anywhere else in Phoenix for Mexican food. I highly recommend El Bravo.
zXsomljbtmS2Wd4pRlhI0Q	w19cemjVR8u02PgjFpJ7Mw	4	0	holy crap.  try the side order of garlic mushrooms.  they are little pieces of heaven that are such a delight to pop in your mouth.also, on the special menu right now there's a salad called the mediteranian chicken salad, which really truly may be the most incredible salad i've ever eaten in my life.  i wish i could drink the dressing that topped the impressive mix of greens, corn, roasted red peppers, cilantro, raisins, pine nuts, red onions, parsley, well-seasoned chicken, and i can't remember the rest.  omg.  beautiful.service was fine, not exceptional, but the staff was friendly enough.i'm so HAPPY i found this place.  go there.
EC_QTFsffVObxBTN2Cu-Jg	Dka36Pw7ibbHV6xIimQAOg	4	1	Stopped in for a business breakfast. I had the Chilaquiles with scrambled eggs. It was great. It's not really on my side of town but I'd really like to go back and try some other dishes. Hefty portions at great prices. All four of us ate well for under $40 including drinks.
J810oYDsd7pnavQ4X03Trg	JxVGJ9Nly2FFIs_WpJvkug	4	0	They built a Sauce in Minneapolis & it only lasted three months. I'll never understand why, but I'm excited they are in Arizona & plenty of them. The Turkey & Feta salad is almost identical to my favorite at True Food Kitchen, which is a great thing. The paninis I've tried have always been good & come with a side of seasoned chips. I've never tried any of the pastas, but they all look wonderful as well.Great place for a quick, affordable, good meal.
d1CvzllHCEC0GoZohwgD3w	-lOSaCuBRAvX5JBifx-EMw	2	6	I started a new job and the bosses brought us here for lunch.  It was ok.  I got a lunch combo meal, but I didn't pay.The service was really great but the food was not.  Just kind of plain.  It's convenient to work, so I will probably be back, I just won't have very high expectations.
6rN-B5QvWjlGOXMCpjCfxQ	FeI75xIG8PF_XZ6P80gLBQ	4	7	This may be fiction.  I don't know for sure.  Here's what I pretty much think happened.The other night I was at a bar.  two days later I heard that it was Turf.  So I'm gonna go with it.  In body I was there, however my mind was suffering under an oppressive weight called alcohol that blurred pretty much every little thing that happened.For example: did I really find myself screaming piano man at the top of my lungs, to rapturous applause from the rest of the bar?  every time I tried to stop, I was goaded forth into the next verse?  (did the piano indeed sound like a carnival?)Was I really and truly told assuredly that I was gay?  Did I really have an argument for what felt like hours with a fair-eyed girl who has severe trust issues and one fucked up gaydar?  despite the wedding ring and total pudgy married-guy look did I still come across as gay?  (my wife tells me that it can only be the broadway rendition of a billy joel song.  I begrudgingly concede)Did I really hear someone who claimed to be a teacher misrepresent the very definition of a parallelogram?  Did she really say that a parallelogram could not have right angles?  Did I really scoff right at her and throw down the argument-crushing example of the square (QED biatch!)?  Evidently I did, because I do remember her backing me into a corner and beating my ass with a relentless barrage of haymakers, both rights and lefts, that left me bruised like a second-rate (albeit mathematically-savvy) prizefighter the next day.  Her-110 lbs at the very most, me twice that and then some on the most gravitationally-forgiving day, and I had no response but to cower in my own fucked-up rendition of the rope-a-dope.Her: "flex your stomach so I can hit you."Me: "Are you joking?  that's me, flexing."  (#fat)so I can tell you little to nothing about turf--I genuinely can't say for sure if that was the place we were at.  But since I asked right when I got there if I was allowed to yell, and the bartender said yes, yell to your heart's delight! I have to say four stars.  I would have said 5 but that looks really out of line with the rest of these reviews...
XABPPSphqJ4PVrZbZ_AjtA	6oRAC4uyJCsJl1X0WZpVSA	4	0	Haji-Baba is unique by being both a restaurant and a store! As such, the restaurant is fairly small- so if you're up for some delicious middle-eastern food on a Friday afternoon, make sure you arrive early!The prices are good, the selection is better and the food is great! I ordered the falafel plate which came with 4 falafels, a side of hummus, and I subbed the tabooli out for a salad. The portion size was pretty big, so I left quite full, and it was all delicous! I'll definitely be going back soon!
ZpHwEE5ohvRJhE9-BwMS7Q	BINYfrtGp3A4w0d5E7kbYw	5	4	I want to preface this review by saying that I'm close friends with one of the sushi chef's in training, so we got a seat right at the sushi bar and really had a great opportunity to chat.  That being said, I will review this strictly on the quality of food, since we received some deep discounts due to being VIP guests.  (C'mon now, you know you all get discounts too when you personally know the staff/chefs, so quit your whinin'!)The quality of the fish was excellent... some of the best sushi I've had in my existence.  The key to getting good sushi is to trust in the chef, and ask them what is fresh, and what they would suggest (omakase style).  We had a sashimi appetizer platter to start which featured blue fin, yellow tail, o-toro (yes, the good stuff!), and a few other pieces.  Served with fresh wasabi root (not the hydrated green powdery stuff), this appetizer really woke our stomachs and senses.We had a few different rolls per the chef's suggestion, and all were spectacular (including some off the menu rolls).  The kim bap roll was highly recommended, and the quality was definitely memorable, better than most Korean-mom kim bop rolls I've had in my life.We asked for ama-ebi (sweet shrimp), which was soft, tender, and sweet, with perfectly fried shrimp head to back.  This was the first time I've had such perfectly made ama-ebi, and it's made me want to continue my search in Chicago.Some tasty mochi desserts, a few bottle of sake, and all in all, it was a very enjoyable night for my compadres and I.  I'm sorry for those that have found a bad experience at Otaku, as it sounds like most of it is waitstaff issues... but as a sushi fanatic, my advice to you is this:1.  Don't ask for a table if you're party is smaller than 4... ask for a spot at the sushi counter, because that's how sushi is meant to be served.  Getting to know your chef, the chef getting to know you, having drinks together, etc.  2.  Ask the chef what he/she recommends.  Not all fish are equally fresh, and the chef will know what's best for the day.  And if you can provide them with your own past experience of what you liked/didn't like, they'll likely craft a sushi experience for you that you'll love.Verdict:  If only Otaku were in Chicago... I might go broke.  Delicious sushi, and worth a visit!
8Ehxz8wqmg6Ypw36X19edA	bzDs0u8I-z231QVdIQWkrA	4	0	Went there today for lunch for the first time and had the del Reyes torta. I was full after one half of this monster. But was very good.
aPkgxX7cBTD3JdGpmPIXjg	BtX9mA5dYDzULGVPC4-I-A	1	1	Every time I've been there they have messed up my order in some way. The first time I ordered a sonic blast w Carmel. They charged me for Carmel but there was none in it plus the bottom of the cup was busted and my ice cream was leaking out. The next I went I ordered a reese sonic blast and a snickers, they were both snickers. Very upset I haven't been back and I love that place.
OGliW0Iolmdz8B-uJrDbDw	41j3GB7M-Lwq284Pfb9zgw	4	0	I cannot speak for the food, (though the menu looked unique and tantalizing), but the beer selection was great, as was service. We arrived on Saturday night, the first weekend Angels Trumpet was open, around 10 p.m. for drinks. There was a large group of us, 9 people... though there weren't any tables to accomodate our party we were able to stand/be seated comfortably around one of the high-tops.This place is great for smaller parties who enjoy a good beer. The selection cannot be beat in downtown Phoenix -- 31 craft brews on tap of every taste and style... and they're always rotating. I had the Biere Blonde & White... 4.5% alcohol, light, sunny taste. Reminded me of Four Peak's SunBrew.The selection ranges from hoppy IPAs at 10% alcohol/volume to the lighter, summer brews and everything in between. There is literally something for everyone, even a few wines on tap for the non-beer drinkers.Our server was very nice and accommodating.. and though the place was packed she got us our drinks pretty quickly.A couple reasons I didn't give Angels Trumpet the perfect '5' star rating:Disorganization-- Seating was sort of a nightmare... and we kind of waited around for one of the high-tops to open up and just snagged it.Ambience-- I enjoyed the nice, open floor plan but the restaurant-style and dozens of tables/chairs was a bit puzzling considering the kitchen was closed when we arrived. I couldn't hear any music above the conversations in the room and the huge, 60" TV screens weren't turned on. It'd be nice for weekend nights to boast something a little more special. If you're going to close the kitchen, allow people to walk around and mingle more.Overall, if you're looking for a nice place to kick back with a small group of friends and try some awesome, unique beers on tap, Angels Trumpet is it. Their prices are reasonable for the quality offered. Haven't tried the food, but the menu is pretty diverse offering a spin on traditional bar food like flatbread pizzas and sandwiches.
pQTYqf5JwTqDDoU6oeA4WQ	giyl3pyGo6sbvsnn94f4Hg	4	0	We really enjoyed lunch today.  Very good service and many choices. Coming early in the day - when the buffet is at its freshest  is usually our m.o. ... especially ones with so many choices and slower turnover. That said, we came late afternoon, and were not disappointed. The stew-ish type dishes were flavorful, all the spices bold. I would like to try their fresh dishes from the menu some day - like the Tandoori chicken. I agree about the noodle dish. I got a little bit on my plate, but it just didn't feel right. Everything else was pretty authentic, based on my experiences. Our first time with the Chaat bar... I really don't get it.  But, we will definitely be back for the lentils, masalas, curry, rices, paneers. It was worth the $30 for a Sunday Brunch for two with coupon. tax and tip. And a free glass of champagne!
6Jhav65PlxHavnAPmZdZVA	TVJT7Xknd-ikf4vskcjKQw	4	0	Our first visit. A bit quiet on a Monday night. Service was fast and friendly. Wife and I shared a hommus appetizer and Greek fries. We like our hommus with more zest i.e. garlic. Main courses were the gyro dinner and chicken souvlaki meal. Both were tasty with generous portions. We'll go back.
YE6RDG_LjkmYfJ8qvDPiAg	TwMfahsPHFnkLiqqvyalAQ	3	1	Some family were in town and are Blackhawks fanatics desperate to watch the game.  This was the only place in the east valley that we could find had the NHL Center Ice package (though the girl who answered the phone had to ask somebody else ("What's NHL?")).  Not only were they kind enough to put the game on, they put it on a flat screen in the corner of the patio and we were able to have the sound on.  He shoots, he scores!  The shepherds pie was good, the beer was cold, and the waitress was very attentive.I'll stick with CK's or the Baseline Pub for the NFL games though.  While RT's had plenty of TV's, most of them were small old tube TV's.  My uncle asked why they weren't showing the score of a basketball game, and I told him it's just being cut off by the old TV's screen
3nlkj_AG2g33nyQerIX6Rw	towWd9z7YuGHdAezQtrkTQ	5	7	How can you go wrong with tortillas and pastries in one location?  I honestly don't understand how this little Mexican bakery stays in business  given everything is practically free. My hubby and I bought two empanadas for me (like a little pie or turnover), flan for him, a dozen tortillas, and 2 red burritos.  I guess you need to get there early because they were out of red tamales at 2 pm on a Friday.  The empanadas were baked just to golden brown and the crust was so flaky and delicious words cannot describe it.  I had lemon and cherry, but I wanted to try one of everything.  The red chili in the burritos was mild but very flavorful.  Luckily they are wrapped in foil because I couldn't wait to get home to devour mine.  They could double their prices and I would still come back!I forgot to mention the bakery is spotless, so clean I would eat off the floor if I had to.
3BK8kCE1JwH_537_2t4gSQ	QkyN2vqQidQhotvOtPIrkw	2	4	Yelpers giving this place four or five stars are either seriously misguided, don't have refined pallets, or simply haven't tried Bianco or Cibo.  This place was over priced, had fairly poor service, and the pizza just wasn't that good.I ordered the sausage pizza.  The sausage was pretty bland.  They also screwed up my order by adding onions when I didn't ask for them.  I've had my order messed up on pizzas before by having toppings left off, but never added on that I simply didn't order.  Found that strange.  I would have sent it back, but the waiter didn't check to see how everything was until about fifteen minutes after the food was brought to the table.I'd give Humbe Pie 1.5 stars if I could, but rounded up since it is better than Dominos and Pizza Hut.  I went after buying the GroupOn coupon, but won't be returning.
aCTQnVsRUt9JBQkzJxAKMQ	eTbtfgUtfewdncgVf2CbWw	5	0	Love, love, LOVE this place!  Eugenia is a genius!  Macarons = amazing.  Croissants = soft, buttery, flaky, delicious goodness.  Iced mocha is one of the best I have ever had.  My only complaint is that this place is not closer to my house or work, but that's probably a good thing because I would weigh 1000 lbs if it was.
k1dwoqavwJUgFTsj1ujH4A	o3TruOSgOwNgx08QosuWTw	2	0	I have to admit the quality of food here is better than your average berto's restaurant, However the girl who works the drive-through during the late shift makes some of the strangest mistakes with the food. Warning if your ordering 2 items don't be surprised to find them in one box combined into some strange hybrid. I honestly don't think she understands the word "And". This has happened to me several times int the last month. Always make sure to check your order here.
VOlzILk599dShFuG5gwVbQ	xHI3saK0sAJEHeMK4IGVvg	5	1	short leash is awesome! we tried the sample platter and they delivered it to us inside the bar. we were also given an additional sample tray to try for free. everything was delicious and had a very unique take on a common american snack. I can't wait until they come back!
QVvfpA4CZg2eGOk9BgA-gw	Dj4glvoFwKypLjUr9F01Sg	4	1	I love this place!  Great quality food, great service, large portions and fare prices.  In the Fry's parking lot.  Try the bbq pork egg foo young, mongolian beef and get the lo mein instead of rice.  Good stuff.
Gc7fvwgilDyfTYDv0cNLDg	oyzxIqrtzu-8sWlPhJVsLw	5	0	Visiting a friend who insisted we come to Carolina's on my first morning in town to get a breakfast burrito To Die For.She was totally spot-on.These delicious hand-made tortillas are fantastic!  I wish I could take a bunch back to Seattle with me, but since they're freshly-made, I'm guessing the lack of preservatives will make that a better idea than reality.I enjoyed the chorizo, egg, and potato burrito with plenty of salsa.  I loved the spicy/smooth combo with the sour cream in the burrito.I hope I get a chance to eat here again before leaving town!
5JVIkHaT8zb3AB9UzdcAuA	WaO_hAunQrZ--vI308rHQA	2	1	Last summer when I was in AZ I ate here a few times and it was always great!  I love the pulled pork sandwich.  I ate here while I had family in town a few weeks ago and it was nothing like it used to be.  The sandwich was lacking in flavor, they didn't have the same sides they used to.  We got these fried potatoes which had way to much seasoning on them, none of us ate them.  This place has gone way down hill, I won't be going here anymore.
6uNrrkI9KSI2CXU7LGY62g	3oLy0rlzRI_xiqfQHqC4_g	4	0	Went back for a 2nd go-round.  This time I got the B&G also.  It really was fantastic.  The gravy was about as perfect as can be with one exception - there weren't any sausage chunks.  I opted for the country potatoes which I did not like at all - they were WAY too onion-y.  The hash browns are great.This place gets high marks for the service - the owners are very friendly and welcoming.
PIYswsMSN8jKNfwNWO93kw	5yT-0wF-QK_xAnFkymam6g	5	0	I would typically never write a review for strbucks because it is all the same.  I mean that in the best possible way as i have come to expct a certain level of service and quality.  Starbucks is amazing for kids as my dzughter oly drinks warm milk and so anywhere i see a starbucks i can ge a kids milk.  I have had  great serive at this location.  Since i could not find the starbucks at the asu bookstore location, i am using this review too but really the five stars is for this location. I wanted to give the asu location one star.  My barista NOEl today was exceptionaaly rude. She did not know how to make nor ring up a kids drink and when it  came up wrong instead of offering to fix it told me that  is how it is done.  If my other experiences weren t so good with starbucks i would have switched over to petes.  If you happen to be the starbucks manager at the asu bookstore location too, NOEL definitely could use some more training in both drink preparation and customer service.Sorry for the spelling areas but i am typing on my iphone and havent found the pellchck option yet.
9yD4TOWlbdk6F1LJYAYkSQ	Zy2vca7i9QFGRKa4m0C__A	5	1	As a sissy vegetarian, I feel compelled to mention the soup that no one has yet mentioned at Da Vang - THE TAMARIND BASED SOUP HOT POT IS AMAZING!I don't know if they use any other animal broth in it, because I am willfully ignorant of such matters.  Regardless, if you are a meat eater or a vegetarian, try the tamarind soup, and bring friends.  It is super yummy.They also have a rice-based soup.  And, if you talk to your server, they can likely recommend some vegetarian/tofu based dishes that will be wonderful.Everything else is as good as everyone says it is.  Wouldn't be surprised if people got an occasional bowl of sub-par pho; every family restaurant makes mistakes.  I'd recommend everyone try it again.
JvsnVPQaFU8YVkOE-XO0og	Eq3gzgiRIGYtubbZw1mDlQ	2	1	The only reason this place isn't getting one star is because the last time I went the chips and bean dip really satisfied the fact that I hadn't eaten all day.  Too bad the enchiladas sucked (thick, soggy tortillas???? and beef with too much black pepper???????), the rice sucked, and even the cheese on top of my refried beans sucked.
BozQJOS97qEXy-3dp4e9ww	Zg-C1aYcoR2L5OIrA01MkQ	1	15	One of the WORST experiences of my life.  My friends and I decided to go and check this place out as the local radio kept talking about it.  So the day we decide to go, the guy from the Colbert report was there mocking the restaurant also.  We go in and we thought, "hey wow, this is kinda cool" as they talked about monster proportions of burgers and fries fried in lard.  However, once the food arrived we sat down and although the wait staff was scantily clad, all of them had "cottage cheese" legs and thighs.  We sat down, and my friend decides to take their super burger challenge, she said if he finished his 2 lbs burger, his meal would be on the house.  He kills it, and when we ask why his burger wasn't free, we could no longer find out waitress and the owner says to us "you either pay or i come over the counter" he threatened us with violence, which is stupid as all we were doing was asking what about what the waitress had told us.  We will never ever go there again.  Being Asian, he also spewed racial slurs at us, calling us to go back to where we came from.  ALL of us were born and raised in Arizona so I don't know where we would go.  Anyways, don't go here.  Also, all of the patrons, ALL of them were middle aged men, who instead of paying attention to their wives and kids were hiding away at a nasty restaurant who's burgers aren't even really grilled.  the frozen patties from costco are placed on a machine that rolls the burgers through, so you can't even want a medium burger, they are all torched.  The fries although fried in lard, are crap.  All in all, if you're a lonely loser, this is the place for you.  If you're a classy kinda guy that wants REAL food, go to any other generic burger place and you will be more satisfied.
rmpp1NYLbZEDIwiZ5WPbEw	M6fjHpkL9IRI-nI0BattRw	4	0	I'm probably at TMI too often. Everybody is so nice, though, and the beer is so good. I have to admit, I really don't eat anything here but the appetizers. And I rarely stray from drinking a pint (or two) of Humboldt Brown. So, yes, I am predictable and limited. Despite my limitations, however, I love this place. It's my "Cheers." I am its Norm.What rocks:  Best happy hour around. Seriously. $2.50 for some of the best brews in town? Although the hemp-seed infused Humboldt is my go-to brew, I've tried the raspberry ale (refreshing without being cloying), and the yummy  "Inebriator" Stout (which, believe me, will knock your socks off).Good vibes, hip decor, comfortable without being pretentious. How can I not return on a regular basis?
MbiJ_voD5DrIqUlNyCF_EQ	4F9cOLQUpVB_7H8IksKcNA	1	1	I wish I could give this location a big fat ZERO.But you can't.  But I can let everyone know how horrible it is.For starters, their automatic doors do not even work.  I just find that appalling.  How can your doors not work on your store?  How are people supposed to get in there to shop.The manager of this location is nothing more than a jerk.  I asked for help and all I received was attitude.For a struggling supermarket that filed for bankruptcy, I would think service would be one thing you could promote at no cost.  But, not here.I don't think it will be long before this location closes.  RIP!
fcmL8bEGB9TXyXrZdP8EfQ	vwZ15OkVO6PemAe87k0M-Q	3	0	A group of us were there for drinks late Saturday night, the bar is really cool, well thought out and decorated. Drink menu, cocktails and draft beers are all exceptional. Only challenge was it was almost impossible to get the attention of the bar staff, I am not sure that since we were a large group and had a tab running that only one batman could serve us but it was really frustrating having bar staff just ignore us! Other wise the place is great........
tuCLwDvEJu1Op_tZUKVpeQ	JUlwoai_WikznIEQ7XCENA	1	1	YUUKK!!!That pretty much describes this place.  We went there on Sunday afternoon for lunch.  Only 1 person in line in front of us.  I ordered the 2 meat combo, rib tips and hot links...sides of mac & cheese and potato salad.   ...it took about 40 mins to get my food.  But I told myself if it was good...then it's worth the wait.  But by God it wasn't good at all.  The mac & cheese had no flavor at all...i mean none.  The potato salad was very flavorless as well.  The rib tips would have been good if they weren't covered in 5 gallons of bbq sauce, nasty bbq sauce at that.  Their sauce is like a sweet and sour sauce...was not good at all.  The hot links were mixed in with the rib tips and covered in the same sauce.  So couldn't tell if they were any good, cause there was so much of that damn sauce.The funny part was that the couple that ordered right after me, got their food and took it right back to the counter and straight out said that the food was just disgusting.  I wish I would have done the same instead of spending $15+ on nasty bbq.In short.  I will not be going back here.
HEMXe5SMT-dFmd2-IZPW6Q	chFzObJSoxAbVlFfgk5JRg	4	0	First time at YC's, had been to other Mongolian BBQ style places, none as "upscale" as this. Most of the Mongo places I've been are in the mall fast food court, or in a small strip mall. This place made us go WOW as to how big it was and all the food you get for about $11 a person for dinner.To go boxes are 50 cents, super reasonable considering you can really cram a lot of food into your bowl to get cooked. I was actually shocked that they suggested you pack the food into your bowl to get more space! Staff was friendly and even helped us out with mixing the sauces.This place is super close to our house and we will definitely be back frequently.
tcboKNNDWS3lVmJehQ0pBA	jbKVbSz51F8IcewsiRQu4A	3	8	Do you want to eat Chinese Food in an elegant environment on a Friday night in Phoenix? Be entertained by classic, quiet standards being played live on a piano while you dine?Are you 50 years old and Caucasian?Then the Golden Buddha is the place for you! Its in the Chinese Cultural Center Mall on 44th, and a popular weekend spot for Dim Sum. For a DIm Sum starved Valley of the Sun, Golden Buddha's is decent. For dinner, though, it is awfully Americanized and not very authentic Chinese. But with a bunch of American customers coming for dinner, what do you expect? They probably think they are getting "real Chinese" food by going to the Chinese Mall, but then again, they are used to PF Chang's or Stix normally in their neighborhood, so this is a step up.The best thing about this place is the decor, which is clean and nice, with a Hong Kong Junk boat design covering the ceiling from the bar into the dining room. The next best thing is the Piano interludes on weekend nights. The service is next, which is a little overly eager to remove your plate, and the last thing is the food. They do give decent portions. I ordered Guo Teh (potstickers) and got 6 fat ones. But they weren't served with the usual soy, chili oil and vinegar, but a soy and green onions mixture. The Mapo Tofu was ok, as they used a nice silky tofu, which was nice, but no green onions, and sliced black mushrooms instead, which I like, but not in this dish.Come here for the ambiance and music in the evenings, or on the weekend days for Dim Sum.
RVwRifohk5iAh2vNYgmudA	_tkAI5Q5XQSfgbqJzDKSDQ	3	1	My experience at Old Town Tortilla Factory is probably very different than that of the average patron. I dined here with a semi-private party with 40 other guests and we were served buffet-style.Our group was seated in their outdoor dining area, which I absolutely loved. I thought the atmosphere was great and brought an authentic Southwest feel and vibe to the restaurant. The food was as decent as you would expect sharing buffet-style with 40 other people lined up outdoors: nothing mind-blowingly memorable, but nothing too bad, either.My one complaint would be the servers. Especially at our single table of 8, it did not seem the server we were assigned was equipped to take care of a large group. There was much unnecessary confusion at the end of the night when it came down to settling some bar tabs. Overall, it did not ruin our experience, but definitely took away from the overall positivity. Regardless, I would love to come back here with a smaller group and enjoy a fresh plate of food! The outdoor dining is definitely something you can't pass up...
5_uAbm6t-5-k3viakl_TuA	5kuZhkdpKKu9d_dTflOh4A	3	0	I'll check this place out, despite the whinings of a few.
dZiUjwZrAEen4CgNhYvLWg	oJpmYvLibGrYPDvcaUeMOw	4	0	I finally tired another dish. The Panag Curry with tofu. It was great too. Rich thick curry crisp veggies and tons of flavor.One thing I am upset with its the new $1 fee to use a credit card for bills that are less than $10. So get a drink or bring cash...
3xMVX19Mhxb_JM60gUf_sQ	_FXql6eVhbM923RdCi94SA	4	2	I didn't really "get it".I was expecting more Island style food, or more adventurous treats.*  Bar was great.*  Tuna Poke thing was fantastic.*  Cajun burger was terrific, but the bun was too dense and troublesome.*  Chicken CocoaJoe was a bust.  Chicken a little dry and under-seasoned, rice and beans were bland (needs a giant ham-hock and about 3 more days).  The Plaintain was overflavored, but underseasoned (they don't neem much more than salt and time).Awesome location.Menu will expand I am sure.Repaint the bathroom please.
6WX3nATO26tqd8NhQivvLQ	-yxfBYGB6SEqszmxJxd97A	5	0	Always a marvelous experience. The patio area is simply lovely if the weather is permitting. The menus are always excellent and they have an excellent staff. The cheese plate is always great to start and the servers will help you pick a good selection of cheeses and suggest very good wines. The food is always very good and also unique -- rabbit is one of my favourite proteins they prepare here. I have been there for Valentine's Day and also for our wedding anniversary and the always make the evening special. It is pricey but worth every penny you pay.
MtQM34pRalH-Uk5-vPC8QQ	47A3pWsdYNhFFy9gUEVcYQ	5	1	This place is so good! I have eaten almost everything on the menu. It is not the fanciest of places but it is great to go with friends and buy a ton of delicious food for very little money. I would recommend this place I go often.
17LymRTNTAyGS9mFKFJncA	qiFTZ7aJz-FXt1wz8YigAA	2	4	We got an online coupon to try this place and went on a Sunday around 7pm for dinner. The decor is very cool-neat floral booths with plastic overlay, beer taps at the booths, amazing mural on the far right wall. We both enjoyed our margaritas, which for the size were fair on the $8 price tag. The food was tasty, but not original. We ordered the ceviche app (which we liked the best), the mushroom tacos and the house salad with shrimp. Although our waitress came back and informed us that they were out of shrimp so we opted to try it without as there aren't too many non-meat or fish options on the menu. The smashed plantains and pumpkin seeds were a nice touch in the salad, but it was lacking something special. I can see coming here for happy hour or for a fri/sat night drink. They had a DJ booth which was cool, but (and I may sound old for saying this) it was just too loud for a Sunday night dinner.
eyeX5HXBXZAmfJfuC2l7sg	90AXjqb4O-wrTHDKDoDUzg	5	2	The new location is big, open, and a bit more like a dinner spot rather than a mish-mosh diner. But that's just aesthetics, I realize.The food is great. I had the pad thai and tried one of the duck dishes. I'm not a huge fan of duck, but this was nice and tender and the sauce was amazing. Whatever sauce it had on it was composed of peppers, mushrooms and ground pork, if that helps you find it on the menu. The drunken dragon is also fabulous, and at $7 for lunch and $10 for dinner, Yupha's a steal. I just finished the other half of my pad thai a minute ago. Yum.I think it's my favorite Thai in the greater campus area, but then I thought about it and, isn't most of the good food in the Phoenix area in the Tempe area? I think so. Anyway, Yupha is one cool lady and you can tell they're trying hard with this grand opening. A little ass-kissing is nice, but then again, places like these are for regulars, so I guess they don't have to be overly nice to me. I'm just here to grub.EAT HERE. And ask for twice the spicy you would normally. The medium is not spicy and the thai hot is medium.
BRNy8KTrMa-MzYDotZuSbg	GaeokhqmZYuPr7i1EZtnHA	3	0	Great tourist fare. When we have family in town that appreciate a 32oz porterhouse more than a delicate sashimi, this is where we head. It is quite the drive from Phoenix, but portions are large and service is always prompt and friendly.
ts_AFOdE6cMr9I8DnzqrxA	trAvQPp7gps0Btk-2AmLpw	2	5	I don't know how this place stays in business. The menu is so limited. Would you like chicken or chicken? Chicken in a pita? Chicken on some lettuce? Chicken rolled in a tortilla? And the pita chips are bland! Yuck! And  the potato salad has something in it that is way too tangy. I've only been twice and tried different dishes both times but I just don't get anything greek about this place.
iHIY4wvrRJ6bBkUXs-2C1A	YKOvlBNkF4KpUP9q7x862w	4	2	The food and cocktails at this place are amazing - beyond comparison. I have not eaten one bad thing off of their menu. I am not a margarita person AT ALL but my friend insisted I try their primarita (essentially a skinny margarita) and it was amazing. Probably what all margaritas are supposed to taste like. I crave them.Their guacamole is phenomenal - fresh and made right in front of you to your taste. You really can't get any better without going to Mexico and eating at at a mom and pop restaurant. The pork shoulder is great and the skirt steak is to die for. This is also a great brunch spot - the green chile chilaquiles are outstanding. They are on the pricey end but their entrees are shareable. I love the dark, candlelit ambience. Perfect for pretty much any occasion: date night or bachelorette party. Cautions: it seems next to impossible to get a weekend dinner reservation between 6pm and 9:30pm. I don't know if these are blocked out by default on Open Table. Your best bet is to make your reservation well in advance and call them directly. I have never been to this place as a walk-in for dinner. Service has also been hit or miss. I seem to get an excellent server or a really bad one.
OyeCwTBytSU4f6-j7GI2yA	cc9KFNrcY9gA7t9D1a3FpA	3	1	Not a bad place.  Pizza was good but stay away from the wraps as the flatbread wasn't meant for that.
HLJqO3AVz_7xJkS0KkpA1w	EQxR8CKkKSmHW0fgtqVosg	1	0	Like watching a train wreck in slow motion will definitely be going somewhere else for bagels from now on disappointing have been going there for years.  The eight day old cream cheese was a nice touch (yuck!)
UOv5FwBa7h4zUoJLL7927Q	cN6aBxe2mQvrQlzk26LyRQ	5	5	Unfortunately, my birthday always falls right around Mother's Day.  Which means that every time I want to go out to eat for my birthday it is packed.  We thought we'd celebrate early by going on Saturday, but it was still packed.  We called ahead and the earliest reservation was 9 PM, but the person on the phone said that if we just came down, they would fit us in.So we sat at the bar for maybe 20 minutes (IN YOUR FACE CHAIN RESTAURANTS!!!) and our beers came with a small appetizer of cheese and salami.  These people think of everything. And the wait staff is pretty damn attentive.  The hostess heard me say something about my birthday, which was passed on to the waitress so my super huge and yummy meal ended with a delicious dessert of my choosing.  The bread and relish tray would have been more than enough of an appetizer for me, but my partners in crime also wanted the spinach artichoke dip, which was soooo tasty.  My steak was SOFT but cooked exactly how I like it.  These are true professionals.  Asparagus was cooked perfectly.  The chicken pot pie soup was exactly what I expected and so yummy.  And the dessert?  Triple creme brulee - kahlua which tasted like a caucasian, chocolate which managed to be super chocolately but not too rich, and a mixed berry that would have been fabulous if I was a normal rasberry eating human.Yes, it's a little pricey, but you easily get 2 meals if not more out of one dish.  Especially with the yummy bread and relish tray that is also presented before the meal.  The atmosphere is cozy and a little crowded.  If you are wierd about personal space, this is probably not the place to go.Overall: I love this place and go every time I get the opportunity.
BB_obI2gx8zUQQrGxhKsFQ	9x0rvR9SSX5mO1vUqx_hnQ	4	0	It has been quite the challenge to find good Chinese food in AZ. But I love this place. From the customer service to the quality of food, we are never disappointed. I am a huge fan of their fried rice and wonton soup. My 5 year old loves the sesame chicken, and their beef skewers are good. We find that the best value is either the dinner for about 19.99 or getting the food to go. For some reason, we get more to-go than eating there. But either way the quality is good. The servers remember your names and family. They are genuine provide great reasons to return. We eat there about every other week. If you want to try them, go lunch. You cannot beat their prices.
NUBVYfBsSPshgpcWtOnFhQ	JhupPnWfNlMJivnWB5druA	3	0	I always said that my last meal on earth would consist of the AZ88 Chicken Sandwich and a dirty martini.  That was until I went there again the other night after a couple year hiatus.  The magic, was gone.  I was so disappointed and sad that it wasn't as memorable as I previously remember.  I will go back and try something else because I didn't have a bad experience and never have.I recently sat at the bar and had 2 different bartenders.  Both were great and entertaining.  And, it doesn't help that they poured a strong and delicious drink.  Get a martini!!
Nc2N_IHswh70gTIGeSu6Qw	pONHXroA2O7grj5iZ7dksQ	5	0	We were here on Wednesday, 12/21/11. We had been at a Rubios in CA recently and was extremely disappointed. Not this time!Jacob was our order taker and was VERY courteous and professional. My husband got two fish tacos that were a good size and yummie. I went with the grilled veggie burrito and man, it was huge and tasty!This is what Rubios is about!
Z4LDLAScw3lissrx9DQxXQ	NYIyTj2AZJpAo7XIM-Z7lw	4	7	There's different kinds of Mexican places around.  Type A:  Pseudo-Mexican fast food (Taco Bell, El Pollo Loco, Del Taco, etc.)Type B: REAL Mexican fast food (whateveri-berto's, Baja Fresh, Rubio's etc.)Type C: Various traditional taquerias (Los Favoritos, Rivas' Mexican Food, etc.)Type D: "Mexican Denny's" or chain-type sit down Mexican Restaurants--traditional-style or not (Chevy's, El Torito, Macayo's, etc.) Type E: REAL formal or semi-formal Mexican restaurants (I don't know any in the Valley yet, but in the Bay Area there is the now closed La Michoacana in San Mateo, CA, etc.)Valle Luna is a Type D, and a pretty good one as well.  Delicious traditional-style Mexican food.  The interior looks like what you usually see in a Chevy's or Macayo's.  It's visually pleasing, and service is friendly and helpful.  They have all the beers, margaritas, and tequila that you usually find at places like this (you know what I mean).  It's the kind of Mexican place you take someone for their birthday--exactly.Do you check in to places on Yelp using your iPhone?   Come to Valle Luna!  Show them the check-in on your phone and you get $5 off of a meal costing $20 or more.  Perfect for lunch with your co-worker.Valle Luna means good Mexifood.  If you're in the mood for a Type D, bypass the "Fresh Mex" and come here.
U8kEzlPZ0yvMdO0HrZ6QCw	h762dZ33uhSKtLZ-21u6Jg	3	1	A very nice pizza.  I haven't made up my mind which is more authentic, NYPD or Ray's.  Both, have the thin NY style crust, but NYPD makes me feel like I'm waiting for an E train to Queens; whereas Ray's feels more upper east side-ish.
SaSnGdY60ibecazmK31NNA	WiAY7lyT-DC7Zk3StMMp0g	4	0	Not a bad visit. I regularly visit the Location in Columbus, OH. I have developed a certain expectation as to the type of service that should be implemented in this concept. Compared to Hooters, this place will eventually put Hooters out of business. The food is consistent and delicious. I am a huge fan of the shepherds pie  and Quinlans 5 cheese pizza. The service at this particular Location was a few notches below the service provided at the Scottsdale and Columbus Locations. The servers seemed under trained in how to communicate with the guests. That preferred to fraternize amongst themselves which was the only fault that was noticed. The place was clean, restrooms well maintained, and the food was expeditiously served. Prices are a little high but who are we kidding, commodities are up everywhere. I will always stop by when passing this concept. Compared to it's competition of sports bars it is among the top of the list.
1bnJhTIy1DAPQXsVJ353aw	h762dZ33uhSKtLZ-21u6Jg	4	1	Had the thick crust Sicilian pepperoni 3/14/2009, took it to the drive in movies, and while it was expensive (23 bucks), it was worth it! This baby could feed 6 people, and it was pretty good as well. I wouldn't get this on a regular basis because of the price and the calories, but I think its the best pizza they have.
gdqdr3ZcL_oMxSYuPLl4Zw	RZS7pdeB3xOyHwYgT7VYGw	5	0	Amazing selection of beers with great tabs educating you on them and often ratings.  Wine and booze selections are great too.  Killer store like candyland for adults.  Prices are excellent and so is service if you need help finding something.  Great place!
dkcWEpXAeiqvus3yyAzLAw	fP-BPL6iRu2tbcvlnjRshw	4	5	Live music, plenty of beer on tap, and a very happening place.  This place was packed with people however with a group of 6 we still found tables and chairs.  I enjoyed some beers on tap, but wanted to try some food so we ordered the Copper Blues Burger.  Very good burger, fresh tasting and the bacon and cheddar hit the spot.  The fries are good, which I normally do not eat at all.  Nothing like enjoying a nite out with friends.  Live music, great food, and plenty of drinks and beers on tap to enjoy.  We all had a great time out.  Service was great and everyone seemed pretty friendly there.  Great atmosphere here.
7zQIbZPUPfHBcRazUV-pjQ	q-qjZDKcBdDRuIUxj7b97g	4	0	Great Thanksgiving meal. I had a similar meal at Busters on the Lake for cheaper last year but that doesn't take away from the good spinach and sweet potatoes. Good service, good bread, good view...
lvwxXZKlIxK_AGpWHFlwLQ	zWl6V8-L6m9Xfmpq_MqkKw	1	0	Absolutely disgusting.  I had enchiladas and a taco, just to give them a chance.  This was the worst mexican food I've ever had.  Waaaaaay too much government tasting cheese on the food, and hardly any meat.  I do have really high standards because I grew up on Tex-Mex but this was just pathetic......
Kj7RbTknAWYtEoDWxrg7ew	AW1uq13zFslTBoD6vL99Bw	4	0	We'd heard that this place was really tasty, but learned that the original location had shut down recently.  We found their second location and gave it a try.It ended up being so good that we went twice in one week while visiting the area. We had a chicken quesadilla both times and on one trip added a large nachos with chicken.  Great flavor, good-sized portions, good value.Would have been a 5-star rating had our server not forgotten our drinks and had the restaurant been cleaner during our first visit.  We were directed to sit anywhere we liked, but it took us a while to find a clean table even though there were only two other tables occupied.
75NhZ5Wf1UN7o7v1UsnfdA	2dJ_UPPCpcjo5JeYPnjaYw	4	1	I really love their sourdough bread. I get the veggie on sourdough and really love the taste.Drive through line is a little long and sometimes the bread hurts the top of my mouth, but this is my favorite fast food place.OH.. the pizza is great too! I always get cheese with jalapenos. The bread they use for the crust rules. Indoor and outdoor seating. Staff does not speak English very well, but I have never had an issue with my order. Been there at least ten times.
r7p_sGv5K1tRPA3lfgIlng	hfl62LX14YqNpG0g0Tj6_Q	5	0	Fabulous! This was my son- in -laws Restaurant Week choice and an excellent one. Lots of menu choices, a drink included and excellent service from the moment we arrived until we left. We will return soon and often.
2_dHopH9x1zi8X9axgwWHg	Bjt3rB73dvSDe1XEPEWc6w	4	0	Confession of a landlocked seafood lover: I'm a fan of Sakana. I know, I know, it's not the Most Perfect Sushi Ever but all things considered, the prices, variety, specials and service are far above average. I'll take it! There's a great "Customer Appreciation" sushi menu offered Thurs.-Sun. and though there's often a wait, it's a quick one. Don't be afraid to order an Ichiban in the lobby. They'll happily deliver.
chgNRxKwSmSnbLHbXN7B3Q	IWwt0vm8lYbVoyGSPd2Z9A	3	4	Just OK.  But like pizza and sex, there really is no bad BBQ.  I think there is something lost in translation from its Texas roots to AZ.  Gone is the appeal of the gas station dive.  Atmosphere feels a little phony in a pretty, new building.  The biggest problems I have with the food is the overpowering mesquite flavor and mediocre sauces.  The Texas roots explains the loyalty to mesquite, which is understandable and you cant fault them for staying true... but a little hickory or less creosote-tasting smoke would be nice for a non-Texas palette.  The sauces seem a little amateur.  I know Rudy's is no amateur in the business, but I think they settled too soon on their signature sauces - they taste like the first ones I made in my backyard.  If a true amateur (me) can evolve into better sauces, so can Rudys.  Now I need to stop at the new BBQ joint next door to see which one will get my BBQ dollars... stay tuned.
lyVcqcmA23jqSxMXod_Vuw	AgJbkqR-wre409if4fTbWQ	3	2	I was here for a business dinner recently and loved their new hummus plate.  They put grilled zucchini on it and had some fresh jicama which was awesome.  I wasn't in the mood for BBQ at the time but so I ordered a turkey burger which came on a whole wheat bun and some steamed broccoli.  I love the healthy options.  Thanks to Red Robin for helping to fight the battle of the bulge.  Just make sure you bring lots of will power when come here because it's easy to blow it...especially with the desert menu!!
FbAGK5T8Ks-YHP2YaOCIHw	UxvOXcoCRFRAVhRB0D9imw	5	3	Very good place for breakfast & lunch tucked away in the crowded shops at 44th & Camelback.  I kinda found this place on accident.  I meant to just run into AJs and grab a salad to go, but was forced to park basically across the driveway from Taylor's, and, being closer, I opted to go there instead.  Taylor's is open 6-4ish (I couldn't really tell, they probably just changed the hours and scratched off the hour number on the door), and they serve breakfast all day- well, all day they're actually open- which is always good with me.  I was in the mood for corned beef, and , bingo, there it was.  Nice mound of lean tasty beef with melty cheese (no saurkraut or thousand island, please.).  And the bread- oh the bread- grilled to be crispy on the edges but still soft inside.  How in the hell do they do it?  I don't know, but I'm in love.
hG5zbjZZ3YYG5dTz0_S2AA	peA3F-PnIfijYr8HuG-A-Q	4	2	Considering how douche-y it could be, it's really not that douche-y.Drinks are expensive but prepared right. Service is good. The seating is comfortable and the atmosphere relaxing. Note to the single guys wearing chin-strap beards and Affliction t-shirts while looking nervous and sitting at tables alone and not approaching women: Try "Hello" or "Nice outfit" or "Those martinis are great, aren't they?" or something. I'm old and fat and dress like I'm teaching a fishing class, but I'm not afraid of girls. Just talk to them like they are people.
D6UH98Mc7S5IyY0NbnlDMw	ufKmcpK6OTaWzeBGWNOa8A	4	1	Outback is a chain resturant ~ so they have their formula perfected.  Each time we hav eaten at OUTBACK we have had a great dinner and good service.Lately each time we try to eat at OUTBACK there has been a 20 to 30 minute wait  ~ we don't always wait . .  .but it's wonderful to know that things are picking up and that there are quality resturants that have waiting line ~ to me this is a blessings.: )KC
CbLUWvNkepZKqsPnJCwtMQ	AkOruz5CrCxUmXe1p_WoRg	3	0	More than the food, the place is cute. What it looks like from the outside does no justice for the inside. Very Americanized Asian food so if you're looking for authentic... don't come here.
DcMPVUltzJd9Py9BK7VrvQ	9r5YLKGTdQz_Q29cBifePQ	1	1	We use to visit this Pub 10 years ago because they had a nice English waitress and excellent fish and chips for the price.  However, we went back a few weeks ago and boy were we disappointed.  The price of the fish and chip dinner went up and they cut the portion in half.  No one assisted us in putting two tables together, we had to do it ourselves.  Two guests wanted a good English hot tea and they didn't brew it in advance, it was just thrown into a small metal tea pot and we had to ask for cream and sugar.  So we've decided there are newer and better places to eat fish and chips, especially up in north Phoenix.
AHbVHXUZwDGYa5GV2_NmeA	7LbqRnM6DPbLuBV4DGi5iA	4	0	I am not only new to the area, but to the southwest. I'm so excited to try food from as many taquerias as possible to find my favorite. Taqueria Los Angeles is yummy and super inexpensive. $5 for "your choice of two" with rice and beans. I will certainly return.
3Nn-d5CGzV2scaxDRHhAFA	cQZcWeIDKEF-7nWU3gJMUw	1	0	My rating is based on the fact that as a vegetarian, they charge $8 for a small mediocre bean burrito.  Maybe if this bean burrito were exceptionally good or large in size, but it was neither.  I'm not saying that if your idea of Mexican food is Chipolte, you will not find what you are looking for and be happy here. But if what you offer your vegetarian customers is deleting the meat and not adding anything else and charging full price, I can get MUCH BETTER elsewhere and pay way less.  GRINGOS:  Take off the Chipolte blindfolds!  Go to a real Mexican restaurant and see what real food is supposed to taste like!
RUUg3ZEjPzYKN97VG2fBSA	G9LwkTSdKOyOGqd5BbuIkA	1	1	This place has gone so downhill. If I hadnt gotten my chips, salsa & water immediately, I wouldve walked out. Margaritas are always awesome. But the service and food is straight up AWFUL. Microwaved enchiladas, no rice, rude, cold, unfriendly, uninviting service...If you're looking for a fabulous, neighborhood mexican restaurant, try Las Glorias Grill. The location isnt as great, but the food, service and drinks, blows this place outta the water. After years of going to aunt chiladas, Im NEVER going back again. They dont deserve your money either....
lzABdhPeBbBEYaFrf7ynqA	xY1sPHTA2RGVFlh5tZhs9g	5	1	First time here, new favorite. You can create your own antipasti plate, and the pretzels and fondue are AMAZING. Also the ricotta gnocchi is the best I have ever had. Service was good, Liz was our waitress and she was very friendly and helpful. Monkey bread is also stellar. I cannot wait to go back.
A7z1x4xUaVSSgJXIHk49hg	-x_jL2OCWPdObGTOwIpN4w	5	0	I have been frequenting this spot since they opened and have always said they were better than Starbucks but Iam in a special kind of heaven after the change in menu and addition of pressed tea lattes!!! Yum, yum, yum!!! Far better than Starbucks powdered green tea latte and roughly a dollar cheaper than the high priced cup there as well. The early morning staff is great and free WiFi is an added bonus. I can honestly say for the New Year, I'm quitting you Starbucks......and mean it.
88HOcrO0GLBNLUteN5h0DA	rQ4z0EStSZE4acgkne6Hmg	5	1	I have totally fallen in love at Tuck Shop.  Everything here is fantastic.  My friend and I come here about twice a month and enjoy some snacks and wine.  The beer battered Cheese Curds may just change your life for the better... we are seriously tempted to each get our own order. (I am not very good at sharing and i always get what I want!   ...No i'm not an only child... well, maybe I was until i was 11, how did you know.  WAH!)   Oh, and Laura is fantastic.  She always takes great care of us as we enjoy a glass of wine on the couch in the reading room.  Thursday's special is meat loaf... don't deny yourself, just indulge.  :)
UOUayuNj1fsk5Wiw4mKqVw	89yv89wcF_-ehN7_pUnl6w	1	1	Your reviews are hilarious!!   (shoot--who was this referring to??)I try to avoid WM.  I'm always warned about the possibility of TB or now, pig flu.  I think the hub just doesn't want to go shopping--not that I LIKE shopping.I know someone who worked WM in WA and she says the conditions are just horrible for employees.  I've spoken to at least one cashier that is actually FRIENDLY and LOVES his job benefits and bonuses.  He's a minority I guess bc as you all said, YOU CAN'T FIND ANYTHING and CAN'T GET HELP without attitude, usually.  I'm standing there staring at 2 mgrs, and they just ignore me for a few minutes?  I didn't want to interrupt the conversation, so I waited.  FINALLY, one asks if I need help???  NAAAAAH, I was just admiring your huge body and wondered how long it might take me to look that way.  FOOLS!  On my last visit, a customer said "excuse me" to the 3 employees behind me in the aisle.  I glanced at her and she sighed, rolled her eyes and shook her head as they all ignored her.  I chuckled and acknowledged her frustration.  Then one employee pipes up with "OH, I'm sorry ma'am, can we help you?"  She asks to find an item, the customer thanks them, they say "You're welcome", the customer leaves and they sarcastically continue to each other: "THAT'S WHAT WE'RE HERE FOR.  NO, THAT'S NOT WHY WE'RE HERE.  We're not here to find stuff for stupid people, we have better things to do."    That's why, when I walk by an employee working, if they lay eyes on me, they immediately look away and pretend to be engrossed in their job, to avoid stopping to help.  WT?  What's wrong w/this management???  I agree, you can find some deals and save some money, but the attitude is over the top.  There are a FEW employees that actually smile and appear friendly, at least when I see them, and I can point them out.  If not for the more often than not occurences as mentioned above, I stay OUT of WM as much as possible, which is a lot.  I've drastically reduced my trips there, but more importantly, I've cut out a huge chunk of purchasing from WM.
lnibY6BckqyirtIWSzPSJw	IBrQEBb6_MFtCEiulodXeg	4	0	I love this Starbucks. We all know every Starbucks is expensive, so forget that. But these people have our drinks memorized, if you go there alot anyways, they're on top. Good Starbucks.
MTog75VPgARPOVDGVFAgUA	jvvh4Q00Hq2XyIcfmAAT2A	5	0	As good as I always remember it to be.Their fries are way better than In-n-Out (I am a fries connoisseur)Their burgers may be getting smaller? Still delicious as ever.I pass on the drink though, an extra $2+ makes the meal quite expensive..Price: $9+ for the cheeseburger (double) and Regular fries(in-n-out: $6+ for double-double and fries - half the size)I would eat here every day if I had the option.
E2fr0LyYRX344sFJIy_baA	TMZP6Kzkc-FytzgbgIC9JA	3	0	Went here on Wednesday to take advantage of the $30 certificate. It was quite busy, which probably shouldn't of been a shock, location and all, so had to wait awhile but that is the risk of not getting reservations right? =P. Anyways, spent time in the bar which was nice, the bartenders were willing to answer questions, though not always the most chatty, but I think that was due more to how busy it was then not being friendly. The happy hour prices looked pretty good, $2 hot sake, $3 beer, $4-5 cocktails. Sushi was also on the cheap, Nigiri was from about 1.25-2 dollars I believe, and the other rolls ran from 3-5 dollars at the worst. They also have some non-sushi appetizers on there. Once we got a table, we were paired with another group, which was actually a nice experience as I do like the communal type seating stuff. Granted if you have a small group and not a fan of eating with strangers, might not like it much. Since it is a place I always consider more about a show then the food, going to start with that first. The show was eh, they do some of the knife play stuff, and a few things here and there, but honestly it wasn't all that exciting compared to the other place I've been (Sakura). The chef was friendly though, and the server was personable so that is a plus. Otherwise was a bit disappointed with the show portion of the meal. As for the food, I had the Filet Mignon and lobster tail. The filet was supposed to be medium, but came out more medium well in my opinion. It was lightly seasoned, leaving mostly a beef flavor then anything else. Now it had a good beef flavor, so by no means complaining just like a bit more seasoning personally. The lobster tail was good, buttery from the butter, but more importantly nice and sweet. How it is to other lobster tails? can't really tell you as I don't eat it that much (college students don't exactly have that sort of cash you know? =P). But again thought it was good, wasn't fishy and nice and sweet. At the end it came with a choice of ice cream, I tried the green tea ice cream which about the same as any other green tea ice cream I've had. Basically its sweet, with a hint of green tea taste, and that is about it. They have to sing to you of course, and they take a picture which they give you with a code you can access for up to 60 days (I believe) to download it, which is a nice touch. For the money, I really wouldn't go unless I had the certificate, however I would go back for the happy hour, probably my favorite thing of the whole night.
_Dx1-0gLz_-9FElMBr605Q	jQST5lkLGX9L52-A10TGTQ	1	0	This was the second time I placed an order over the phone that was delayed over an hour. I was told over the phone that it was going to be only 15-20 min for me to pick it up. I showed up 30 min later and my order was still delayed. I ended waiting for another half of hour to receive my order. The pick up service was the worse I have ever experienced.
eANvQ0h7HnfLn5wKwFD_qA	F-ZOeAK1v7e5Rt2Mv5rVMw	4	1	Best latte ever!!!  I missed my local coffee shop in Phoenix and I stumbled upon Echo.  I am so happy I found this place.  Free Wi-fi and AMAZING lattes have won me over!  I recommend the Turkey & Brie sandwich.  The pear made the sandwich.  They have a great music selection and they don't crank up the volume.  Check this place out!
YV6DpBlgJqt7S5xucCdsjg	a8yzGF79KcfyRye2R6wt3Q	1	2	Great in its day, now leaves a lot to be desired.  Deserves credit as a Phoenix landmark Chinese restaurant.  This restaurant has been here for 38 years.  I've been going here off and on for 35 years.  I go here more for sentimental reasons, and not so much for the food.  The interior still retains some of the original decoration style from the original restaurant established nearly 40 years ago.  The rest of the decorations have been torn out.  I believe the decor is modeled after the Forbidden Palace in Beijing - see the vault-of-the-heavens style crenelations in the ceiling.  I have this restaurant - in its former self - to thank for this:  Back in its day, this restaurant was really great, and the entire atmosphere lent to an ambiance that actually inspired me to study Chinese and then later go live over there for some years. Sadly, the food here is not all that good.  The fryer oil they use here is pretty old.  The fried rice arrives looking almost black (from the fryer oil?  too much soy sauce?) instead of a rich golden brown, and tastes overcooked somehow.  The eggrolls are just OK.  Definitely not fresh.A lot of the menu items from the original owners are no longer on the menu; for example the special "Chinese cakes" served on a plate topped with a delicious gravy-like brown sauce and shallots - probably some form of Cantonese food.  All of this is gone, and replaced by very plain fare, and not very good at that.  If you like salty, greasy, plain-tasting yet somehow edible Chinese food not far from the $1-per-scoop variety, then go here.  Golden Phoenix's heyday as a great restaurant is long-gone.  Let us bow our heads in sadness to a place that once was very good - now passed on...
N8kwZfU1LJoeh2BlRrFw2Q	CRvVvR6aE1eWVRtzQ0UC6g	2	1	Food was decent, not too sure how this place is getting such rave reviews though...Probably the most expensive Mexican place of it's style. $25 for a burro, two tostadas, and two mini-tacos. Seriously?! Also, no free refills or chips/salsa.Are we going back? No.
5dX8hhkcgFfVZaSaWkV80Q	2mcmuAvpNIJuV3gV0v9v2A	5	1	Love this place, it's on our dinner rotation. The owners and wait staff always greet us since we are regulars. Great place and cheap too. Try the #100 its the best ever.
BedRV23Sb9fE03Y9eH7Jzw	9PrgqakLyqlxTTqvvfYNyA	4	0	I was a little bit scared to eat at this place but I was pleasantly surprised. I got the chicken egg foo yung and boyfriend got spicy shrimp. The portions were humongous and it was very delicious. The Buffett didn't look very appetizing. I would definitely only order from the dinner menu. Can't wait to go back.  Food is dirt cheap and so delicious.
1MOAO0KIm38LNFg3FSgCMg	He9Dar4bk2vyeiPC7TkUgA	1	2	I don't know what's up with Eddie??? I always found him to be pleasant, and really taking care of the customers. However on the 17th of November we had a birthday party of 19 people, and they gave us one waitress. We sat down at 7:00 pm and our main course came at 9:15. No real big deal but one person can't handle a table of 19, and we were having fun. So one of the guest's had ordered the $12.00 burger along with a salad and told the waitress no Mayo because he can't stand it at all. The burger comes out and it has Mayo on it, and he tells the waitress. She was not at fault, and had written it down clearly. He asked for a new one, and she comes back and say's Eddie cooked the hamburger and refused to cook a new one but would make him a new bun. He didn't want that because he hates Mayo that much, so there was no problem taking it off the tab, but Eddie would not make a new one. LOL. What's up Eddie??? I don't understand at all, you take it off the bill because you screwed up, but refuse to make another burger that you would have been paid for.  Then you end up looking like a fool in front of the other eighteen people. My daughter has even taken one of your classes, and said what a great guy you are. Really, Really bad PR that night and the next birthday party wont be at Eddie's House. Great time that night, but the ending leaves a very bad taste in 19 people's mouth.
UIUfEDc62fpMxWCW3Lc5PQ	eTbtfgUtfewdncgVf2CbWw	5	3	Owned and operated by Eugenia Theodosopoulos (an Ohio native, fyi) and considered by many to be the best patisserie/bakery in the state I approached Essence with a note of skepticism largely assuming much of the hype was derived from Tempe's plethoric college crowd but arriving at the doors of the small shop on a particularly lovely 80 degree morning I gathered quite quickly that my original conceptions were misplaced; not only does Essence not look like a college haunt, neither do its prices or products - a vast selection of at least twenty items aside from the posted menu sitting beneath and atop a glass case forcing me to make more than one tough decision that was not helped by my server's accurate assessment that everything was really good.Now bearing in mind that the original impetus to visit Tempe on this particular morning was to visit Caffe Boa and that Essence was more of 'pre-meal' activity what follows may seem slightly gluttonous, but to be fair once I took my first bite of Theodosopoulos's École Lenôtre trained almond croissant I knew I was in good hands and everything else just sort of followed.  Without a doubt my favorite breakfast pastry and perhaps my favorite French pastry overall, Essence's $3 twice baked option arrives slightly smaller than the average but with a shell that crackles to the tooth and an interior that is at once yawning pockets of air and nearly overloaded with butter and light frangipane there is no doubt that this is a case of "big things in small packages," and particularly in its still-warm morning state the flavors and textures rivaled those at Dominique Ansel and Payard Las Vegas for best I've had stateside.Moving next from the baked goods to one prepared from the menu my second taste of the morning aside from the slightly earthy and lightly leather accented coffee was Essence's "Signature" French Toast, a $7.25 selection featuring three griddled slices of eggy brioche and a sidecar of what I can best describe as banana infused caramel.  Rich but thinly sliced and therefore nicely saturated each piece of the French Toast was exactly as it should be - the exterior crisp and the interior custard-while the sauce provided a pleasant balance of fruity notes and intrinsic sweetness that complimented rather than overwhelming the bread.At this point submitting to the fact that I was going to eat even the items I'd bought 'for later,' my next two tastes were a pair of $2.95 macarons that, much like the croissant, rivaled those both here and abroad in terms of taste and texture while opting for a much more rustic approach terms of size and presentation.  Beginning first with Pumpkin Spice and then proceeding to Vanilla with Dark Rum each palm-sized cookie was exactly what one would expect from a well trained pastry chef as the exterior shell provided a slight crackle on bite subsequently giving way to a soft meringue followed by dense cream that slowly dissipated on the tongue - the cinnamon and nutmeg notes of the former particularly notable while the rum in the second was appropriately understated thus serving to highlight the vanilla of the shell.If there were any 'misstep' on the morning, it *might* have been the "Summer Berry Croissant Bread Pudding," though when I say misstep I must temper the comment with the fact that my quibble is only that I prefer the French/English take on the dish while this one was more based on the French Custard style, a rich vanilla bean pudding without a lot of crunch or textural variance but instead laden with blackberries, raspberries, and strawberries plus a sidecar of lightly sugared strawberries.  Focusing more of the natural sweetness of the fruits and aromatics of the vanilla than the typical overly sweet versions served stateside it was more panna cotta than bread pudding to me, but chalking that up to personal tastes it was still delicious.Moving last to the one dish that gave me trepidation, the "French Napoleon" gave caused pause not only because the name clearly skewed towards a subset unfamiliar with a proper Mille-Feuille but also because so many pre-made versions of this layered pastry have failed to wow in the past...thankfully this was not the case at Essence.  Featuring light and crunchy layers of choux easily withstanding the tines of a fork without turning into a smooshy mess (see "Mille Feuille New York") intertwined with rich pastry cream speckled with dots of vanilla bean and ripe raspberries what truly made this version stand out was the manner in which Theodosopoulos caramelized each layer of choux, a technique reminiscent of Pierre Herme and as good as the French icon's version was I'd be hard pressed to say Essence's was any less impressive.  It would be awesome to see what they could do a la minut like Savoy, L'Arpege, or Genin and given the names I've dropped in the paragraphs above plus Essence's proximity I've no doubt I'll be returning to see what else the small shop is capable of soon.
wxg_JFaOExsvE2UJQSI4Jg	ke3RFq3mHEAoJE_kkRNhiQ	5	3	Every time I go in this place it's always a great experience.  My wife and I have been going to Lucille's pretty much every other Sunday for the last couple months.  Her favorite is the pulled pork mine is the Kansas City ribs, but we always have to start our meal off with the fried pickles.  If you're on a tight budget even buying one meal and sharing it is a definite option.  Sometimes I get full on the biscuits and spread the provide in the beginning.The bar area is a great place to have a meal and watch a game.  I would highly recommend this establishment to any of my friends.  But make sure you get the fried pickles... you will not be disappointed.Oh yeah.....please please please order the Mac 'N Cheese as your side.  You will thank me later.Q
DJ2epxidXnFdLtFmjQBgwA	eRb0wjIVlj0bbfmePKZLng	1	0	How very disappointing!  Nello's had a delightful menu with an array of salads, pizzas and sandwiches. Not Jac's. If the new restaurant wants to be a "pub", it should have a wider variety of selections. The menu was sad.Due to dietary restrictions, I asked for a plain garden salad. Lettuce, tomatoes and onions. And it wasn't very fresh either. Sad.Guess we'll be driving up north to Pima Crossing to visit Nello's.
QDhIuFU2ADUo27CHfM2_jQ	RSOppDX3TPNbBtrWuIMElA	3	0	Food is just ok, but the problem is it's way overpriced! I mean $9 for loco moco? Outrageous!
VcOep9CYExczLxDzxweWmA	-hWSt4JO2zT7zd7QzLZY9Q	5	1	My absolute favorite coffee shop - I'm a regular!Friendly atmosphere & staff, buttery fluffy muffins, ooey gooey danishes, tasty coffee, and support for local businesses and entrepreneurs.  The only negative for me is the mysterious disappearance of the corn tortilla bagel (much yummier than it sounds)!
V9vUMqEgMx_nQwOBQozj9g	8yxuxxKHRtyIzwE4cIVRiA	4	1	This place made me feel comfortable about moving to Arizona.  I just moved from L.A. and was totally worried about not having access to Asian stuff.  Of course it is not comparable to L.A. but this place has all the essentials.*Vegetables = fresh*Meat = frozen*Fish = frozen*Dried food = plenty*Bread = they bring in baked goods from Olive Bakery in L.A.*Cooking supplies = half of the store is full of them
rxrJEIqrcB6RTpihDfTMcw	cKxXBvOithS-Ic5KnhEKrg	4	0	I do not typically go to chain restaurants & then yelp 4 stars but I was genuinely impressed with our server (Cliff) and Carrabas kitchen.  I have been doing a food detox as of the first of the year and the waiter AND the kitchen were so accomodating, even going as far as asking if it was OK with me if they could add certain vegetables to my salad I had ordered (they wanted it to look nice and taste good) to make it more filling.. who does that!?  They do!  Went with my bro, his gf, and my hubby and they had a great old-vine Zin (bottles of wine are on special on Wednesdays) and they seemed to enjoy their meal (though my bro thought his veal marsala was a bit smaller than it should be).  We were seated promptly, the staff (Cliff & kitchen guys) was very attentive and I have to give them 4 stars for going above and beyond what chain restaurants usually serve.
Sl0t9JZTz_WWtgDaikcdEw	Trar_9cFAj6wXiXfKfEqZA	1	3	Great donuts but horrible service... Didn't get anything we wanted due to a language barrier between us and the limited English speaking employee. She claimed, in broken English, to only speak Spanish. She understood ONLY the word "dozen" and we got a dozen of what ever she felt like giving us, then proceeded to ignore us while using her cell phone!Donut shops are a dime a dozen and we will never again return to Bosa.
bWC9_aTNgBc6U1wgxxRdvw	i2gLXa-MSAS-9oU8K_rnYQ	4	0	LOVE IT! Food & Service always great!
XI7cL6UlNRdxZtQH7BCpCA	MuIXnv7Oq7X3-4aEsp9dDA	4	1	Stark white, steel bar, dark wood beams....modern and chic. The chopped salad is wonderful...i've never seen anything like it.  It was rows of different ingredients and tossed together in front of me.  Apparently, it has been imitated by a lot of other places, which I saw later in my trip.  This version was the best though...smoked salmon, sunflower seeds, large couscous, sweet corn, arugula, tomato, and the creamy basil dressing is better than everyone else's...i'm guessing the ingredients may vary depending on what is fresh and available.  The bar staff was friendly and made me feel comfortable dining by myself.  The drinks are phenomenal...I got the Citi-zen, which came with rock candy that I can stir until my desired sweetness is infused in my pear ginger martini.  I had a great weekend visiting wonderful places while in Arizona, and this is one of them!
vQFKXr1VZUfmej4UBU3OrQ	JhupPnWfNlMJivnWB5druA	5	1	Great great food.  Best meal I had all week in Scottsdale.
MZZdewXdPGIu9MQAXRvLWw	VRxelK__tuQD0KBxx2LzeQ	3	0	The felt that the food at Organ Stop was just So-So! Nothing special! The Music there is great! You defiantly go to Organ Stop for the Organ! Not the Pizza!
3jS8EBYtnOc_nOYXTWkvzw	V1nEpIRmEa1768oj_tuxeQ	5	0	I would suggest that anyone who lives here and has not been come, and if you're in town and looking for a great local non-chain restaurant that has quality food prepared the way it should, then try Cibo!  I took my man here for "mystery date night" as a surprise since he had never been.  No wait at 8:45 on a Friday night (yes! take that Pizzeria B) and the atmosphere of this house is super intimate and cool.  I love the atmosphere of the patio also, lit with those great off-white lights, and fire pits.  We shared the burrata which was gynormus, easily enough for 4 people or a hungry us.  The wine was tasty and reasonable.  I was drinking a pinot grigio, and my guy had the house chianti which I never usually order anywhere since it almost always reminds of grandmas table wine - until I tried Cibo's house version.  It was very good, definitely not from grandmas!   Now for the pizza - it is just perfection.  It has that amazing combination of char on the crust, crispy on the outside, chewy on the inside with the right balance of sauce and toppings.  It almost melts in your mouth, it's not heavy at all.  It's nice to go out for a pizza dinner with and app and dessert and not feel like you have to roll yourself out of the joint!  So we finished our romantic mystery date night with a crepe filled with nutella, ricotta, AND a scoop of ice cream on top.  I don't typically die over dessert, it's my boyfriends thing.  I'm an app girl - but this, it wasn't too sweet, it was so gooey and delicious and the ice cream added just the right amount of sweetness.  I would never eat here without dessert again!  I have been for lunch and they can get you in and out in a little less than an hour, but they don't fire up the pizza oven till supper which is why I prefer that here.  You will feel at home at this spot in a group or on a date - hell, maybe even a mystery one :)
5RGS1U1Q07nm0GRON3W7Gg	0nGjXTpUtpIJl10PL0eBGg	1	0	So far my restaurant experience in Phoenix has been subpar when it comes to service and this one took the cake. Everytime the server came to our table it was just to do one thing and we would be left in the lurch with our mouths silenced in the middle of asking for something. Finally the food came and it was actually quite delicious, I ordered the turkey eggs benedict with potatoes and fresh fruit. However once again the food was dropped off with no silverware, no condiments and no refills on the coffee. I truly hope the restaurant re-trains the staff or hires a whole new batch, because I am afraid food alone can not keep a business afloat.
kZsO87tYXkjCGZlrmwN-jw	ADJIoHN3uLx-JalYl3r3Dw	4	2	Talk about options!  It's almost unfair to have so many items on a menu.   Especially when the food is so good.  I have gone to the Cheesecake Factory several times and have not been able to even put a dent in the menu.So, I wasn't too hungry this time, so I decided to order from the small plates menu.  We started with the corn fritters.  Then I ordered the shrimp and grits and my husband ordered the hibachi steak.  The only reason I didn't give them five stars is because we didn't get our appetizer until the our food was ready.  And by that time, we had already stuffed our faces with bread and butter (which is delicious)!  The server apologized for delay in bringing our app and the manager came by and didn't charge us for the corn fritters.  That was much appreciated!  We only had one of the fritters since our other dishes were in front of us and we didn't want those to get cold.  I really like the shrimp and grits.  I think the dish came with a little too much sauce...but that's just me....I just really liked the taste of the cheddar grits.  My husbands steak was really really good!  The hibachi steak is what I normally ordered. I will go back again!
lQNfrHME2aPQWKPTTI_kqQ	DIYHTgM-YGKWOWLzQ4XVhA	5	1	I am always comfortable in Michelina's, the service is excellent and they are not rushing you to "turn the table".  Michelina's cooking is fantastic!  Her daily specials are so inviting that I rarely order from the menu.  The drinks are excellent, bread just right, and the after dinner complimentary cordial is a nice finish.  One of the best kept secrets in Phoenix!
33215ggRaESx7Mc8mSOtmA	jFfrM1y-L1icUZXjBpxmeg	5	3	I am a hot dog lover. For the past five years I've found no greater joy in Phoenix than hitting up Nogales Dogs for the best meal on the planet. Each evening when the Keyboard City on 20th St. and Indian School closes, the parking lot is converted into a quaint little dining atmosphere. I most enjoy going around six, the sun is setting and the buzz of traffic makes Phoenix seem more alive. This is my own preference and I know many people who hate going at this time because of the loud traffic. The bacon wrapped dogs are made to perfection with your choice of mayo, beans, tomatoes, onions, jalapenos, cheese, mushrooms, and lettuce. And to top it all off you can wash it down with a Mexican Coca Cola, mmm so sugar filled. Don't forget to bring cash and your appetite.
OAlf6-j4AS4add4-ZGs4wA	53YGfwmbW73JhFiemNeyzQ	4	0	nice and trendy restaurant with great food!will definitely come back again!
3SOFMqIxZMFuVhvF6mF_7Q	BojnLUPz5IzZKyQocGc7uw	4	1	I'm very excited about their authentic and inexpensive menu. We just had appetizers today, but can't wait to come back for dinner. The mofongo and alcapurrias were beautiful.
kW99ou1rgbj2FnzMGYh7NA	t54zAs7IftAVb9SKcCRotw	5	3	Best Greek food I had in Arizona and excellent entertainment.The dolma's were the best I've had, their version of Babaganoush was very good and they had many lamb-based dishes.The entertainment was great. Live music, belly dancing, greek-style fun, broken plates, and dancing.Since I had the sampler plate I can tell you that if you're vegan, vegetarian or any other wacko thing like that, you might not enjoy the food here (Greek Lasagna?....really?) Also, the chicken was no good but I don't really like chicken anyway.
v1EPSrG6zRUhd41Jt2ZTHA	km3g-wDO2KfhfnTvJrLJig	3	0	Last night after developing a huge craving for Panang Chicken and browsing Yelp for a good place nearby, I decided to call Papaya. The guy who answered the phone said that due to a downed gas line in the area they couldn't operate, but their Mesa store would deliver to me for no extra charge since I couldn't come pick it up like I wanted to. I said this would be fine, placed my order, and the guy said it would be about 45 minutes. An hour and 15 minutes later the food still hadn't arrived, but I figured it was just because it was coming from Mesa. When it finally arrived, I was starving, so I opened the food immediately, only to find out that my Panang CHICKEN was nothing but sauce and a few carrots and bell peppers. On top of this, I had been charged a delivery fee when they said I wouldn't, and I was charged for chicken when I got none. I called back immediately to tell them my food did not have any chicken in it, but was only sauce and a couple vegetables. They informed me that they were very busy and would not be able to bring me another order that night, but I could call back the next day (today) and they would bring me another order. I was upset and hoped that for all the trouble the food was at least good. Well, it was. The panang sauce was very delicious and perfectly spicy. Although it was not made the way I ordered it, I could still tell that it was very good and I would definitely order it again. Today, I called back and they brought me a new order, this time of Spicy Eggplant with chicken since I had already had to eat the panang I ended up with last night and didn't want that again at this point. They were very nice about making it right, and they delivered it to me again at no charge and credited back the charge they made last night. Delivery took about an hour and 15 minutes again even though he had said 45 and this location is about a mile from where I live, so if you order delivery expect a bit of a wait. As for the Spicy Eggplant with chicken, it was REALLY delicious. The eggplant tasted like some of the best I've ever had, not mushy but not firm, and I finally got my chicken and yes, it was very good. SO in conclusion, the food is great but I hope that they are more organized when they aren't having technical difficulties. Probably won't have them deliver again but I would definitely order from here again. If there hadn't been all the problems I would give them 4 stars but the fact that I couldn't even get my order corrected that night was upsetting.
gIPQQHC-L3okQJVY9fuJtA	iDYzGVIF1TDWdjHNgNjCVw	4	0	Mole sauce was amazing! Chicken was a little dry, but searously the mole sauce was good enough to eat with a spoon.Skip the fundido.  The waiter could not explain some of the items on the menu, which was funny. The hicima tostado was great!  so was the mango crab salad.
m6UYld-4pFluBlpHV-FgcQ	Kur7YGwuw6CqnqEypNrOvQ	5	4	Clean, organized, and well-stocked (for the most part), Fujiya's carries my favorite car freshener, chips, bread, and iced coffee (in a can) among many other good things. Reasonably priced and extremely courteous customer service, I am always happy to shop there. The bentos, I wish, are kept in warmers like Suruki in San Mateo, CA, but Fujiya has an area adjacent to the register which includes a microwave to heat your purchased bento, so you can sit and eat and relax after shopping. What I love so much about their service is that I can place my order ahead of time and they'll have it available and ready. I think this is the only Japanese store that has just about everything I need to stock my pantry. It's no wonder I've been coming here year after year.
j-sgX6lA1nIsh7iFZ-R6Sg	uKSX1n1RoAzGq4bV8GPHVg	4	1	You my new found friend are uber popular! And, I can see why. Your restaurant is ridiculously friendly to families, girls day out and boys at the bar. I rolled in for a late day brunch with a girlfriend and was immediately seated and got to ordering right away. The menu is pretty straight forward and not real complicated. I was in the mood for booze, really when am I not in the mood for booze, and Francis, you saint you, you delivered this fantastic gin cooler. It was excellent and I made me think I should have a pool party and serve them to all my friends, or just sit at your bar and order another! With my booze, I needed some food and I went with the eggs benedict. Hollandaise sauce is the true test of a good eggs benny. Your hollandaise is really good. Fabulous in fact. The eggs were nicely poached and I have no idea what you do with the english muffins but there was something spectular about them....All around tasty. All and all, I can definitely see myself coming back the only draw back is the parking....more parking please!
4t8qdFnxaDy2TuivniAyVg	2bdKR3l4o-S1CscLqqnvVw	5	0	What a great find! Located off of Yelp after a business meeting in the area & we were hungry before we hit the road. Very comfortable space, lighting is good so you can see each other & your food which is not always the case. The decor is not overwhelming but extremely comfortable, some TV's, Thai decor & more pop music on the overhead. The staff was extremely attentive from the moment we walked in through out the meal. My Jasmin iced tea never got to the bottom. The menu has great variety. The pad Thai was excellent as were the vegetarian rolls. The Tom Ka soup was excellent. Every member of our group got something different and they were all extremely happy. We will be back. Pricing was very reasonable. There is patio seating available. Check it out.
mJgy2lgZsZTtWv5kjG-Alw	Lnohr9bpCbHNsomazXDg-w	5	0	Today was the fist time I have been to Chino Bandito. My friend has been there several times and loves this place. After having a few beers, we were pretty hungry and decited to go here. This place is mixed in a sort of industrial corner behind a Walgreens and a transmission shop. Walking in you will notice how big this place is inside. Customer service was excellent. The counter person was great in explaining the different options on the menu which is a mix of Mexican food and Chinese food. Great concept for something different. For ten dollars I had the Carnitas burrito and a Jerk chicken burrito with Jerk fried rice and black beans and a large iced tea (all you can drink). It also comes with a Snikerdoodle cookie. Wait time was minimal and the food was brought very quickly to our table. I really enjoyed the items that I had order and I found the carnitas had the right flavor and tenderness in a burrito (you can also get it in a bowl). The Jerk chicken burrito had some zing to it. Enough to make me sweat a little. One thing that I noticed was that the employee's were really good about keeping the place clean. Sweeping, cleaning the tables, wiping up around the drink dispensers. I also noticed that they wrap all of the highchair trays in plastic to keep the clean and dust free.One last thing, they have free wifi!
WQSp8voaezCeBhpl-hMoYg	d3MxUXS1b6U2P_gGuCO1-A	5	3	Too long.......it took me way too long to make it to Sens. Sens is what we need more of in Phoenix!Seated promptly on a Friday night by Johnny Chu himself, Johnny Chu really has put together a winner here, Johnny Chu.....alright, I admit it...I like saying his name!The Asian tapas idea is new to me, having dined at some great Tapas places from Chicago to Vegas,  but alas never an Asian tapas joint. I must say no Spanish tapas place ever made me feel like Sens did (except the time I drank a pitcher of Sangria)!The Tofu dishes are amazing. How do you learn to love Okra? Get it at Sens. The Hong Kong rice noodles were not what I was expecting so I was a little taken back by them looking like a plateful of water chestnuts. One taste was all that was needed to cure my trepidations about the flavor - fantastic!I will be back to Sens Tapas & Sake Bar soon - do you think you could invent an "Asian Sangria"? C'mon Johnny, I know you can do it!
Hc2DVjBd07gNVEH3fp-90w	0ylC0tsPUY3yaoXRaCDL3Q	5	0	Great home made taste on the meatballs.  Also they have diet coke.  Shop was nice and clean.  Friendly and fast service
CdnEXfmpUTxkTVmZJTeUIw	lvpXyfTDF5WZnjzc36r5Wg	5	1	The best burgers in Phoenix. The owners are great and am on a first name basis. Forget about fast food and support this local business. Go double.Add bacon.Park at Circle K if in a hurry.Plan on holding it until you get home.Stick to the burger and fries, genius.
WUw1InpA-ZoN306hrLyEjQ	pwpl-rxwNRQdgqFz_-qMPg	5	1	My wife's work had their Christmas party here last night. Although the customer service was slow and average at best, the food was outstanding. I had a burger and my wife the steak salad. I was the DD, but my wife said the margaritas were excellent. Dessert was tiramisu and sweet potato cheesecake. Great little place with a nice vibrant ambiance.
Fq0hEKLCu_vkKRGWX5oJiQ	SDwYQ6eSu1htn8vHWv128g	4	0	Great early bird specials on wine and mini-pitchers of beer before 5pm, only $5.  The food is very good and taylored to a wine menu.  A very nice place for a date with your wife or significant other.
vCzrQ5MIs-SBnCU5opxSzA	Oc-F6O91vOe3T8iOsCBB8Q	1	3	Wow. Worst food poisoning of my life. Ate here Saturday night for my birthday. Started to just not feel right about 20 minutes afterward. Sunday I never left the bed except to go be sick. I lost a full FIVE pounds in one day. Stay away from the salmon. I for one will never go back. I'm really sad too because I decided on it from the reviews. Another reviewer said they were disappointed in the recent quality. I should have listened!!
IuBsG-8VvN8ksUflnrNRQw	tZXPhvufHhfejGrRp554Lg	5	0	Loved it! Best French toast ever!
K_owB_2fPQtaWQNMPJAQNQ	Tgk_OouuTX4UreQcHbem4A	2	1	The only thing that this Krispy Kreme location has going for it is convenient location and a drive through. You will not see any dough-nuts being made here which is sort of part of what the Krispy Kreme experience should be. Seeing them being made; ordering them as they come out so they are still warm for your first bite.Now then let's consider this review then as if this was a regular dough-nut shop and it also does not stand up. The mom-and-pop  shop I have closer to me makes better tasting ones, but it is probably because they make them right then and there.I am assuming that they are hauling the ones they do sell here from a different location or a centralized place where they make them, which completely explains why the glazes, etc. taste as if they have been sitting for a while. They are still ok dough-nuts.The other thing that this place lacks is in the coffee. I ordered a coffee and the person had one of those Super-sized Shamrock farms half-and-half containers and asked us if I'd like some in my coffee and to tell her when to stop. I am sorry but, who puts anything on their coffee without even tasting it first. Not me that's for sure. Worst experience getting coffee here.Bottom line: The dough-nuts here will not be what you would expect from Krispy Kreme and forget about ordering coffee that will be to your liking.
MTksC2ZIaypyLRzE5fIcdQ	3n9mSKySEv3G03YjcU-YOQ	4	1	Great girls night out place.  Wine selection was extensive and we DEVOURED the Bruschetta!  Try to get there for the Happy Hour prices or you will be paying a minimum of $9 per glass of wine.  One of my new fave places :)
q_tLyg64QtRtAI4lRGhz3g	VVeogjZya58oiTxK7qUjAQ	4	1	The hyperbole around this restaurant is unreal.  "Oprah flies in specifically to eat there."  "New York Times and Bon Apetite rate it as the best Pizza in all of the U.S."  "Jimmy Kimmel hired Chris to build a personal brick oven in his own home"  "I ate their once and my eyesite was restored.......praise jesus!"There is no denying this is great pizza,  All of the ingredients are delicately chosen and prepared by the man himself, and he manages to pull flavors out of each that should not be humanly possible.If you live in AZ you owe it to yourself to try it at least once.  Steel yourself for a long wait, however, 3 hours isnt much if you've got friends and wine with you,  just dont get too drunk to taste your meal when its finally time to eat.
AFOyom3A0V44-QNPA4zdOg	2qbajPD8M7PJlWWaHSRR5Q	4	1	Great hh prices. Like to go and unwind. Definetly give it a try
0S58fs0VizdsvomrbgtkJw	0dIChGWBs9ueUXl0hhkw2w	4	1	Mmmmmmmm Saganaki!This place is a very good value, delicious really!Kind of a cute little dive with AMAZING food.This place makes me think of a few close friends who brought me there.Good times! Good place!
S1FBiIPZ8qsGVhV3LCCzkg	1zDCfNgtfyh-Uw8j3JxhHA	4	0	Tasty Mexican food with reasonable prices.  Their breakfast burritos are quite large and filling.  I had the chorizo burrito, which also comes with potatoes and eggs.  It was pretty good, although I wish there were more chorizo in the burrito for the flavor of the meat to fully manifest itself.  I also tried some chimichanga, which was equally large and filling.  They also have very refreshing horchata.  The other nice detail about this restaurant is that they are open until midnight every day except Sunday, which is open until 10 P.M.
D1GP4Mr250jmOpq0205qYw	xfk9eY8gmwn8qsbyd-W6lQ	4	0	Their sandwiches are excellent! I like to get the slider trio with bbq chicken, brisket, and pulled pork. Their potato salad is pretty decent but not as good as grandma's ;). Also, their coleslaw is quite nice but just a touch of too much mayo. Now comes the bad part: the ribs. I absolutely love bbq ribs and unfortunately their's were dry with very little meat on the bone. I would not recommend the ribs here to anyone. Stick with the sammy's and you'll be all good.
amQEh_9FAG-7aogTBHnTpw	aRkYtXfmEKYG-eTDf_qUsw	4	0	Chill coffee bar. That is the best way to describe it. Very unique. All the plates are different. Comfy chairs. Desks. Fresh flowers on the tables. I sipped on hibiscus green ice tea and munched on the best coconut macaroon on my life. Yes, I am willing to go there. Must try. Stop going to Starbucks and start supporting coffee shops with personality, unless your a boring dud.
li8_bnaT7C0yUaAvYTKmrQ	Cz0McL5lUaihqOIw0_Yo7w	2	1	Finally tried this place after passing it weekly for the last year or so. Atmosphere is pretty cool, but food lacked any special quality. Large glass of orange juice was nearly $6.00...WITHOUT the vodka (lol)! Hash browns were kind of burned, and small portion to boot. Probably won't go back, as there are so many other breakfast places nearby that are much better.
610bQ6gopW_nd0Q0RNo0BA	Xq9tkiHhyN_aBFswFeGLvA	3	1	Great atmosphere, friendly staff, and good food.  Dined with a large group so we had a set menu. I requested no butter with my crab stuffed chicken breast but they served it on the side just in case I felt the chicken was too dry.  It was de-lish!
vGQveIADS7CzFTEqWZAXAg	OllL0G9Kh_k1lx-2vrFDXQ	4	0	LOVE it here.  Small, homey, and yummy food.  Great patio!  I love their veggie quesadilla and the beans are great.  It's nice to know they are lard free...which means you can eat vegetarian or vegan here easily!  The kid loves it...especially the beans.  They have jamaica, horchata and tamarindo fresh made to drink too.  YUM!
JnvruYg_pQgzHdqBchOyug	luCSjoNQ9q_0QIjKKOy2pQ	4	4	I knew when I was heading to Papago Brewing that I was going to get some good beer. What I didn't expect was some pretty decent bar-style thin crust pizza as well. My table ordered the T-Rex, which is basically loaded with every pizza topping made from a pig. My friend was in from out of town, so I said F it, and ate plenty without worrying about it. The pizza was thin, crisp, greasy and delicious. It was everything bar-style pizza should be. As for the beer, I got to try a few of Papago's own brews that I hadn't tried before. Their beers are either very flowery or have a bold coffee bean kind of aftertaste. Good stuff all around, but go with some of the other beers on tap if you're looking for a classic tasting brew. Although the food and beer were good, the service kind of sucked. The server was helpful for sure, but he was all over the place and the food took a very long time to be served. I'm not sure if they were short-staffed the night I went, but if the service was more consistent, my experience would have been better. That being said, Papago is still a pretty great little spot. I'd definitely head over there again the next time I'm in the mood for some pizza and their beer.
nBRFJ9s-IAB0d9KhpR9KIA	wH9WtaTlrRawH_IpK90RPg	4	1	Fun atmosphere, great H/Hour prices. We took my 89 year old padre there and he had a ball looking at all of the stuffed animals. Had the fried shrimp, curds (what are curds really?) and the burger/brats and beer for only $6. Asked for med. rare on the burger, but it came out medium, no pink. I will try rare next time. 3 Blind Moose house wine for 3 bucks. 3-7pm everyday, life is good in Scottsdale.Stay thirsty my friends!
9JJJ9QYx_5GP9TZB3v28ng	FUI-hWH_bpis7AKZTWenUQ	4	1	Ticoz is not a bad place.  The menu is eclectic-american and the service has always been friendly, consistent, and attentive.  All the food I've had there has been decent and the prices aren't bad either.  This is a gay friendly restaurant so it's a good place to consider for a same-sex date.  It's also a good place for large groups.
JgS1qrkODVhBkWA2j_pdIQ	h7hr0v3E1ulU2sXNItD5UQ	3	1	In the office, Fiesta Burrito is aptly known as "across the street."  Kind of like, "How about across the street?"  "Yeah, I could do across the street, today."  If I ever said, "How about Fiesta Burrito?"  I would get, "Where's that?"  Then I would have to say, "You know, across the street."  And the response would be, "Well, why didn't you say so in the first place."The primary reason we eat at "across the street" is because it is convenient - it's across the street.  And in the immortal words of my most quotable co-worker, "It is fast, cheap, and good -- no questions asked."  The part about it being good is debatable.  I could do with a little less greasy.  Fast, no question.  And despite that fact that "across the street" charges 60 cents for spicy carrots now, the prices are low.  I like the chorizo plate with a side of sour cream, although I might start branching out as we eat at "across the street" way too much, and I'm getting tired of always having the same thing.At just above a dive, I would call it a hole in the wall, but really, it is just a generic Mexican joint that hides in plain sight.  Even the name is rather plain as no one can seem to remember it.  There is a smallish, generic inside dining area, which is accompanied by a small, generic patio for outside dining.  Some high school students seem to come by for lunch leave.  The staff is polite.  Until they move or I no longer work across the street, I'll be a regular.
VTgyv4Gx8LZVSIRpEmSC5Q	VZG8spL8Tqffg9KYbBrDvg	4	0	I read the reviews on Charleston's and decided to take the plunge even though there were a few negative reviews. I am a visitor to AZ for business and have grown so tired of restaurant food. I love salad and find most places don't know how to make a decent salad, the one at Charleston's was so good with fresh tomato and egg and the creamy garlic dressing!! Yummy.The filet was medium well and I not being a steak fan usually need some type of sauce (except for Ruth/Chris), but this steak was really good. I took my meal to go and couldn't wait to get the hotel because it smelled so good.Last but not least was the baked potato. The salt on the outside, I quote someone else, "genius". I used curbside to go - AWESOME.If you haven't tried this place, go - despite the few bad reviews. I am now a fan and will do something I rarely do - eat the same meal two days in a row (I am not kidding, it was good!!)
uGSPFnhoSqJri_czHfVH_w	ncuj9qx4WjprfJfYJGdmtQ	4	0	I visited Smeeks this weekend as part of Carmelpalooza. Amazing! It's a fun little store with darling treats and trinkets to drop your cash upon. Bacon belt? Yep.Women's mustaches? Of course!Butterscotch Peanut butter cups? Yes!Very fun. A bit pricey, but I couldn't resist buying some monster finger puppet key toppers.Yay Yay Yay!
8h2SKY5IM9qCdKlKZxbv-w	E6HzAdx2vyZVyuNoa4-Xaw	5	0	Great posole - and the kids love their bean and cheese burritos. That's all we have eaten no need to venture further on the menu. Great hangover food. The staff is always very friendly!
ZoQ062IDTg5QpjXyoNsQ8w	Zx8_4zKdDBSO3qGrkukBIA	1	1	I have heard so many good reviews for this place, so who wouldn't try it? I should have taken the hints before I got my meal, that this wasn't a good choice.Hint 1: Location - It's right next to a smoke shop and a gas station across the street from a mobile park.Hint 2: Food test - It was nice that I got to sample the food even if the first sample wasn't up to par, the guy wouldn't leave me alone about sampling.Hint 3: Decor - I know this should never have anything to do with the food, but it felt like I was eating at a cousins house on the bad side of town, wobbly chairs, wobbly table.I ordered the teriyaki chicken (didn't think it would be bad, I mean who can mess up teriyaki?) With chicken fried rice (once again, how on earth can you mess up fried rice?) The chicken tasted like it was frozen and thawed out all day. Such a horrible taste. The fried rice tasted like it too was thawed out, kind of had a gross tangy after taste. There also wasn't any spices or egg in the fried rice, just a bunch of green onion,which technically isn't a fried rice. This meal can be related to something you get in the frozen section at a grocery store.They also give you a snickerdoodle cookie, that looked like it could be the best thing on the menu, until I noticed it wasn't cooked all the way through.But the icing on the cake was the gross pube like grey hair I found floating in my teriyaki sauce. So the expensive $8 meal was so not worth it, and I 'm sure when Diners Drive Ins and Dives visited, the food was great, but today it was the grossest thing I've ever had.
fuhhZQljBfcNBM0g0NhQLw	Uov4o_7gRqQKQyjVhWOpVA	1	0	Not good. And it's not been for a couple of years. There are advantages: good location, rarely busy, good for larger groups. But last few times we've been there have experienced average food and lousy service.  When joining my already seated group on Saturday (3/28) the high-school hostess wagged her finger in my face like an East German border guard, the waffle house waitress poked me in the shoulder to get my attention and the wife's chicken dish had to be sent back as there were only 2 measly pieces of chicken in it.  Only 2 beers on tap. Garbage.
wt2yshWscqnboVKX8SfYtw	B54ozdLlH5ozkwnweskhYg	4	0	The workers here are SO friendly. The minute you walk in the door you'll here a "Hello, welcome to paradise!" and if you stay to eat/study/chat you'll probably hear it every few seconds.I love coming here to study. They have lots of chairs and booths that welcome it and the staff, of course, does not care how long you sit. Food is decent. There are better bakeries in general but I can say that their cookies and salads are worth trying.
DfCfuy_hvcN2PRE7VmFfYA	MLcXtnpzygZvQ9BtseLLlw	5	0	Put it this way: Every guest I have in Phoenix, I force to get the Monte Cristo at Morning Glory. It is just that good.
oQ5fkmS176ASF2Uu0U9pnA	3UMcsN9IjoeV8JZvC4apag	4	0	Sun Up is my favorite craft brewery in AZ. Brewmaster Uwe is German and brews creative - quality American ales with a euro twist. While there are regular beers, the cask conditioned and strong ales change regularly. Recently they had 4 different kinds of IPA. Central Phoenix highlight - must visit. Order off of the chalk board - seasonal ales are the highlight here.
V1Ksr1hq2_ilYnh8vQ-X-w	8t80-omyflkywRfu9LPh6g	5	2	This review if for their happy hour because that's all that I've experienced.  Love that they have happy hour all night on Sundays and Mondays.  I live close by and used to frequent Wildfish often for happy hour.  I usually get the crab cake and lobster bisque.
5kmDKV6A3CZjLYvpYY7L6Q	WYj43z0qmlKklhcvV75mwQ	5	0	Good food
4E1EXHAPrRsYCK_gUC2OtQ	St3jS0PnF1lulH1ggA4Jgw	3	0	4 star service 2 star food = 3 stars.The bfast potatoes were undercooked and obviously microwaved, not grilled.The bacon was just OK.The prices are HIGH, both for the menu & the grocery.Wi-fi is unreliable.  When it goes out, it takes them 15-20 min to reset it.Great friendly service.  Nice, sunny outdoor seating.
-k_WwJwBXcZg4gFl8a0gfw	EFJAVVBQQqftuqY5Wb3WtQ	4	0	After living oceanfront in Mancora, on the northern coast of Peru, for 4 months I became very accustomed to eating very fresh, excellent ceviche on a very regular basis. I had no idea I would miss it so much when I returned to the states. Luckily, with one internet search I came upon Villa Peru. It was EXCELLENT. I did not expect ceviche in AZ to be so fresh and delicious! And not only that, but they also served it with proper cancha and Inca Kola is a beverage option (which of course I had to order). Unfortunately, I have to give my experience 4 stars instead of 5 because they were out of Aji de Gallina, which is what my brother had his heart set on for dinner that night. And also because it took a little longer to get the check than it should have due to an apparent disagreement between the owner or manger & server.But all in all, I highly recommend Villa Peru to anyone who wants to enjoy delicious, traditional Peruvian food.
AxYFUB2yD6uPH5shecXK4w	zonV2F6YNVn2_sI5dK82eg	3	0	Sometimes you just want to give an A for effort...Or maybe more than three lame stars.  As the two other previous reviewers have pointed out succinctly, the man who I assume to be the owner was extremely nice.  I made the 1.5 hour drive from Tucson to watch Avatar at Arizona Mills, and my friends and I decided to grab a bite before heading back.  We randomly drove down Baseline and pretty much stumbled upon this place.  Traffic going westbound towards the 10 was insane.  I mean it was bumper to bumper past Rural.  Anyway, I ask the guy who I assume is the owner why the traffic was so bad.  At first he didn't know, but then realized that the 60 was closed.  He politely recommended that we head south then cut across to get back to the 10.  I ordered the Jerusalem Falafel sandwich. It was pretty good.  Though, in all honesty, falafel is not one those kind of dishes that one can gush over.  In my opinion, it's pretty hard to mess up deep frying ground chickpeas.  I ought to point out that the ingredients were very fresh.  This also applied to the side salad that comes with the combo meal.  My two friends opted for the gyros, and it looked good.  The meat was thinly sliced, which is somewhat different than others I've had.  They seemed to enjoy the meal, but I don't think they were quite overwhelmed by it either.  In fact, we didn't mention anything about the food during the hour and a half trip back home.  The food is by no means bad at Pita Shack.  It's adequate to serviceable in terms of Mediterranean food.  The positives regarding the food have to be its freshness and price.  In fact, I spent no more than $8 for a sandwich, salad, and drink.  The service, as noted previously, is undoubtedly the most shining spot of the place.   As we were finishing up our meal, the guy who I assume is the owner offered us lentil soup on the house.  We declined after being quite filled and satisfied from our respective sandwiches.  I believe another reviewer had the same thing happen to him, and he had positive comments about it.  Now, for me it's was the food that really matters.  Accordingly, I gave three stars, as opposed to the four that I was close to giving.  Should I ever return to the Tempe area hankering for food in a pita, I would most definitely give Pita Shack another shot; if only to support a genuinely nice guy's business.
UF-i9hn6vlIgxQgBFfS9zw	wepFVY82q_tuDzG6lQjHWw	4	0	Ahhh.... Whole Foods, John Mackey's little baby he has turned into a behemoth within the industry. I am so torn by Whole Foods, of course most everything is more expensive. This could stem from when Mackey started the business as a democratic socialist and was not making any money, yet people were complaining about pay and high prices so he then turned into a free market libertarian - you can blame your high prices on that if it makes you feel better. Mackey is also a Vegan, but has said if he didn't sell animal products it would be bad for business(if the business even existed), yeah I get it, but I don't like it. Does anyone even care about the innard workings of the company CEO of the store they love/hate? Ok I'll cut this short.This Whole Foods is an older store, not the real old school hippy-esque store, but it's nothing like the newer flagship stores around the country(like the one on Mayo). This obviously means they have to cut back on their selections to a degree but they still do a good job of cramming everything into this much smaller, albeit more "quaint" store. If I go to the Mayo store I am gone for 2 hours but only come back with a bagful of stuff because I was lost in a trance "browsing"; this makes my girlfriend very angry.I don't buy all my groceries here because I don't think some things are worth what they charge but in all honesty you can only find certain things at Whole Foods that you can't find anywhere else(Trader Joe's, Sprouts, Sunflower, etc). The Vegan/Vegetarian selection is massive compared to those other stores, they simply carry all the latest and greatest - it may not be the cheapest, but they carry it. One last item, and this is for pizza loving vegan fools - Whole Foods was one of the first places to carry Daiya cheese. They actually sell shredded containers of it in the refrigerator section, but they also have it available at the deli. The usual counter worker isn't that friendly which is a shame and always seems put out but that doesn't make the pizza any less tasty. You can get one of their "surfboard" pizzas which will feed 2 for 2-3 days with a couple of toppings with Daiya cheese for $15.99. This may be the best deal going at Whole Foods and make up for that $8 bar of dark chocolate you just bought.
t4EZ_AK9UH1t51BjSLC6dA	AqbgC7Gul5Es1rRzGNLDFA	4	0	Sprinkles has amazing cupcakes! The cake is always moist and the frosting delicious. I have had cupcakes from other bakeries where they pipe the frosting on using a pastry bag, and there is wayyyyyy too much frosting. Sprinkles does it by hand, so the frosting amount is always perfect for the cake size. I love the simple decorations they use as well.The only downside I have noticed is that they use a lot of oil, and if the cupcake is touching the box the oil will actually seep through the cardboard. But I guess it's the price you pay for extremely moist cupcakes! Also, the frosting is super sweet and it sometimes makes my teeth hurt. It's so worth it though!My favorite flavor ever is Chai Latte! They only have them on Fridays though, and they often run out before dinner, so get there early if you want one!They also have amazing seasonal flavors: salty caramel, dark chocolate raspberry, eggnog spice, chocolate peppermint, and the best: brown sugar praline! That one is an Easter flavor and I love the crunch of the praline combined with the brown sugar! YUM!Yes, it is a bit pricey, but if you like the "Sprinkles Cupcakes" and "Sprinkles Cupcakes Scottsdale" Facebook pages they each do a daily whisper word that will get the first 50 people a free cupcake! I always try to buy another cupcake when I use them, so it's about $2 a cupcake then. Many times the whisper word will get you an off-the-menu cupcake, either a seasonal offering from a different part of the year or a cupcake creation. I had a lemon cake with strawberry frosting once, and it tasted like strawberry lemonade...delicious!
fpSkzjWTXCSTg3FNVZBhOQ	To5CjntVFawXM_hpAhvVdQ	4	0	I have lived by Wally's for years and I finally hit it up the other day ravenous for some yummy food. I expect great things from a restaurant near AJ's and the Arcadia crowd was definitely representing but I was still a tad skeptical. We started with the calamari which was lightly battered and not like chewing on a tire. So far - I was pleased. I then ordered the pesto caprese pasta which was soooo good. I'm not big on Italian food but I've always raved about it to like five people since I went two days ago. I'll go back and order the same thing - I'm so boring. Lots of other yummy dishes are served at Wally's such as burgers, other pasta dishes, salads that looked so good, soups, and they have daily specials like pork chops which that night came with a salad, some sides and dessert. They also have a good happy hour. I believe she said all apps were $6 and beers were $4. Wally - I'm not keen on your restaurant name but I dig your food so I will be back!The staff is really attentive (not in a 5 sec filling up water way either) and really nice like we've all been pub buddies once upon a time. Perhaps we were... cheers!
UUAAh-BTXIMgDlSfsfqpCg	EXmWz2eaKTGNIf3FJUlVZA	5	0	Better than Starbucks anyday! The staff encourage their customers to get creative and provide new drink suggests to add to their list such as "The Annihilator"..My personal Favorite: "The Cookie with a little raspberry"
BiG7e5vi2US6fzbxxj_YIw	OE5nAmaSVaopeRS1Cs9Kuw	5	1	Get ready to get meat drunk, then fall into a meat coma!! Although this is not a nationwide chain, this is what a chain restaurant can and should be, it's great. You begin with an immaculate salad bar. Definitely the best one I have ever seen or tasted for that matter. Hell you have to love a salad bar that has a whole wheel of Parmesan cheese for you to enjoy. Enough with the salad lets talk about the star of the show, the meat!! Transcendental might be too strong of a word, but it is pretty damn close. It is endless amounts of meat prepared 15 different ways, all seasoned perfectly. You have to love something that is seasoned so well that if adding salt or pepper to it at the table would over season it. This place is pretty much a buffet that comes to you and after trying several meats its great because you don't want to move, lol. And the best part is, is that you tell them when to come to you!! I could go on and on but if you have about 60 bucks to spend and want to enjoy a great meal just go here and leave in physical pain from over eating like I do!!
Fz9aX8NFZV9V6qrNxsvpSw	bc-lE-wGVAsUrX-kJhtY-Q	5	0	WOW what can I say... our friends have eaten here for years and we finally got to eat at Don and Charlie's for the first time in all the years that we have been coming to Spring Training.  We had an excellent dinner i was in the mood for fish and had the Macademia crusted Halibut.... WONDERFUL!!!!! My hubby had the prime rib and finished off every last juicy bite... the scalloped potatoes were the BEST I have ever had at any restaurant.Must make this one of our usual stops during our yearly visit to Az.
N4kD09LGHR6UquOSuhbyFA	a29C6sg39V2HP_tq3m8nEw	2	0	I've heard when better waitresses are there, service is better, but if you go on the night she isn't there, service sucks.
g4byLEBKR_gI-nXlO6hOxw	VRxelK__tuQD0KBxx2LzeQ	4	0	You don't come for the run-of-the-mill pizza. Nor do you show up for the cheap pitchers of beer. No, you make it here for the show. A massive organ fills the entire building, incorporating dozens of intruments, and the virtuosos playing it take center stage. Sit back and watch then perform your favorite songs, from Star Wars to The Little Mermaid. Don't let the average food dissuade you from a one-of-a-kind experience.
k1ZBs68QktWpk7dBL5IM7g	NtmLlKfCFfM0K5j6WWKxQA	1	0	Will never eat here again. Sandwich was meteocre and overpriced. On top Of that I was charged more than I was told the total was. Horrible first time experience!
fpBxt3O6Lf1UeLJNKUI7Ag	-IEBe1UpCz8-dTAp8_fClw	2	0	Great margaritas, but kinda pricy for what they have. Their food isn't all that special :(
fRfafaJw6pJpApH7bJepZg	AqbgC7Gul5Es1rRzGNLDFA	1	0	Went last week, and ordered a dozen variety. I didn't care for any of them, very dry, the frosting wasn't very good,even my 9 yr old daughter spit her cupcake out!
r8XAVBZfl2IxrDmGEEgEOA	4ic-c1LquBiT0IuvKXuEyw	4	1	drove past and saw the sign, and after having spent several years in Texas, had to try this place -- and was extremely impressed. I had the moist brisket, and even without sauce, it was awesome. Nice pink smoke ring, moist and tasty. They even had the sides of dill pickles, jalapenos, and onions -- yum!I also had the cole slaw, and it was very good as well.I definitely want to go back and try the hot links and the turkey -- but both my friend and I really enjoyed our first (of many to come) visits.
nrkXHqkzu7Afg6yaAGfraw	jEWfxxA_kjeJE_Z_ku3zLA	2	7	So I've been back to Ra a few times now, and while the food is always acceptable, the service has gotten progressively worse each time. Today my co-worker and I actually waited an unbelievable 50 minutes for our food, which - if your waitress stops by, checks in with you, apologizes, lets you know she knows you've been waiting - wouldn't have been nearly so bad. Still extremely annoying, sure, but forgiveable. Not this waitress - we had to call her over for every thing we needed. Serioulsy, not once did she just stop by to check on us. We had to call her over to place our drink order, ask for sugar for our tea, to place our food order, to get the check, everything. So by the time the food came, I had to scarf down my grilled apple teriyaki salmon brick in 5 minutes to make it back to work on time. That's it, Ra - you've lost another customer.
M3XDIFh75hHNQ_Q-LkPT2A	Tt6DYs0TyERWHWW5xiRL_A	4	0	Pretty delicious -- very tasty sashimi platter. Loved the ambiance too -- a nice respite from the very toasty desert outside. :)
RGjPRM5VcsY7yb98nih9mg	EWMwV5V9BxNs_U6nNVMeqw	3	1	Eh, lukewarm feelings about this one.  I had lunch here and the service was exceedingly slow even though the restaurant was not at all busy.  The server looked at me like a martian when I asked a question about the salad.   It may have been an off-day...  The food was good.  Inventive salads... it didn't exceed my expectations, though.  Hip mid-century modern decor...  I'm not sure that I would go back on my own nickle.
1BYPdZDFh-8ud_mdLz9Gyg	QnAzW6KMSciUcuJ20oI3Bw	4	4	Unlike Cassandra, I love kids and brought 4 of my own to Joe's. We all loved it. Fresh tasty food, great outdoor seating and lost of room for the kids to play with all of those dogs etc. The ahi tuna was cooked right and the slaw on it was amazing. The french fries might be the best I have ever had. The Chocolate shake was good but a little too rich for my taste. My wife said that the Buffalo chicken sandwich she ate was the best chicken sandwich ever. Her ice tea was amazing. My eldest daughter had the grilled peanut butter and banana split which had chocolate chips, pineapple, strawberries and of course peanut butter that was very different but great! The only drawbacks were the sweet potato fires ( not bad but I have had much better) there was only one condiment and drink area and that was clear on the other side of the fairly large area of land and the lone garbage can was also quite far. The pluses obviously are the tasty fresh food and of course plenty of room for kids to play and bother Cassandra.
RIWcAFp201eWn0fCKd-Jew	lNlVwSKqaxE7agiGKfCaAQ	3	0	This is great if you are in a hurry, they have slices and salads ready to go. Above average quality and a nice open space too. Perfect stop before or after catching a movie next door.
-OOIrs-TfIRG1HF-fdiWNQ	cp39VURFby4A6u9m2It8jg	5	1	We happened upon this place on Sunday. We had our 2 1/2 year old with us and she was yelling about being hungry. We quickly ducked into Zinburger. All three of us had burgers. The kid's burger was huge and it came with fries. We also ordered the sweet potato fries. The people around us had milkshakes and they looked delicious. I also noticed fried zucchini and figure next time I'll order those instead of fries. We were in a rush and had something at 6 pm. We told the waiter we were in a hurry. He was great, friendly and accommodating. We were seated next to the hostess stand and my daughter kept trying to engage the folks standing there. Everyone was so nice. My constructive feedback would be that I ordered my burger medium well and I received it medium rare. It still tasted yummy and I ate it. Had it been served that way to my hubby - he would not have been able to stomach the red juice flowing from the burger.
oUw363cdW8aSYQUG5vmPMw	QbqJEXdngh_9fwqVTI0CJQ	4	1	Came here for lunch and had the calzone and salad combo and it was very good. The portion sizes are just right and the food is tasty!
yu9h3obZb712CCNoSc62oQ	4gxZ5tPEqm0QnRkILa9cNQ	5	2	Addicted to duck fat fries!  Curry mayo is a perfect complement to duck fat fries.  Did I mention how awesomely delicious duck fat fries are?  You know what, forget that I said anything about duck fat fries.  They only make a limited amount and I don't want you to go.  Nope.  Don't go. I guess I should mention the rest of the menu.  Everything is awesome.  Nutella rules!  Seriously.
2fBIkj0y15lcd5z4eNVgGQ	vujjKuD4Vls4xKLe5MJ63Q	5	1	This is another work lunch takeout place for me and it always does me right. I always get the Jerk Chicken bowl with rumbi rice and have never been disappointed by it. Good flavor, lots of chicken and veggies and rumbi rice is simply delicious. I personally like to add hot sauce and also sometimes splurge on a cup of tortilla soup -which is pretty freakin great. There's alot of cheese on top of the soup so lactose intolerants beware!
RKyAbz7d5g6IvUdmvBLoiQ	bOB11LVavtN9PWTNwR52Tw	2	2	Strange layout that makes you think you got the worst table in the house no matter what table you're at.  Wait staff and the General Manager (WTF?) standing around doing nothing in a mostly empty restaurant while customers wait and wait.  It all comes off as the biggest tourist trap on Stetson Ave, even though the original Barrio Cafe is a local institution, and the prices are actually very reasonable.  Food and margaritas were all amazing, but  when the front of the house doesn't seem to care if I'm there I won't be back.
5E7zYtYb4ieE3AskNSraQQ	I1rvqU2k5UQGo2lGdY6hyw	5	0	I seriously can't get enough of this spicy goodness! All I ever wanna go is SIAM and nowhere else. I've been to so many Thai restaurants in AZ the past month and NOTHING compares to Siam! BEEF MA SA MAN curry is so addictingly amazing and the pad thai is always cooked to perfection. I'm actually craving it as I type this.
TfbLkWdYyE6De6rRNFPSCA	-73hx2hut_2KPcGpCTO5YA	5	0	For some reason these self serve frozen yogurt places have popped up all over the valley and they are all very similar. What I like about this place are the choices. I usually don't have any issues, I'm a mint chocolate chip man, and that's typically what I order. My girlfriend on the other hand likes to mix it up and try new flavors and toppings. This place has the largest selection of flavors and toppings of any of the self served frozen yogurt places we've been too. For those of you who are calorie conscience, as I am, they post the nutrition facts right buy the flavor so you know exactly what you're getting.
WqIQtj1A2eJJkqsgZDhufQ	Zx8_4zKdDBSO3qGrkukBIA	4	2	This place is a good go to when you're looking for a mexican infused panda express.  Haha.  Yum!  I got the combo meal with the Jade Red chicken made into a quesadilla and the diablo chicken.  Really good!  I also got jerk fried rice.  The beans were also very good.  Yummy in my tummy.  I really enjoyed Chino Bandido's, but don't think I could go more than once during a trip to Phoenix (I'd get very large from eating like this!).  :D  Oh yeah, if you want something more than a snack, don't just get a quesadilla by itself.  My poor brother thought the quesadilla would be huge and good enough for his dinner (thinking taqueria size), but it was pretty sad and small.  Luckily, my combo wasn't that small and I had extra food to share.
W6tV_9XYTDMS3bqKp9H2Ng	ntN85eu27C04nwyPa8IHtw	5	0	If you're at all a "Foodie" you can't come to Phoenix, or anywhere within 50 miles and not visit Matt's Big Breakfast.  The wait outside is just part of the ambiance and culture of this tiny little place.  I hope they don't very enlarge this place....it would so spoil it.Food....have anything.  Its all cooked to perfection with love and kindness from a kitchen staff that really cares about freshness.  My personal fav's are the Waffle and Bacon and the multi grain toast with the fresh jam typically made locally....changes frequently. This was on Diner, Drive-ins and Dives a few years ago and its still the same bustling place as when Guy was there.Side note...this was way cool.  On our last visit there were 4 of us, and if you've been here you know there are only a couple of tables that seat 4.  So we're waiting outside when the server comes out hands us menus, takes our orders.  When we're seated about 15 min. later our food was delivered within minutes of being seated.  Helped us get in and out and helped them move a table.  Much appreciated service.
qT-_Zyx1JQrpY1YYJPBkUg	qAORECtABjr_FsvSzy1apw	4	0	So much better that 5 Dorks, I mean guys.  They have salads and great chicken selections!
lQ2SU7-n12S2tQT8HaKaNQ	ttLtsY1S2Angj6hvEdzwDQ	4	3	Blue Martini hosts "Take The Stage And Be The Lead Singer Of The Band" on Monday Nights. Usually there is a band that sings top 40 but on Monday nights anyone can go up there and sing. My friend loves karaoke and was dying to get up on stage and have her moment so I went for moral support. BTW she rocked! Most bars are dead on a Monday so I was surprised that there was a decent crowd here. No cougars in sight the whole night! The drinks specials aren't that great but you can get $7 specialty martini's or if you go with a group of people you can split a bottle of vodka for $100.
1DmZ5gHhff5CgZ_lqaPyHQ	-UT6IHfVW_2yzz1bf8WI5g	1	7	Love the idea - vegan Mexican. Have tried to eat there twice. Both times checked their FB page for hours, both times they were closed. Called their phone number, no one answered. No sign, no explanation on FB. Pathetic.
AouuOZiVWTySQAD6FIgUDA	IoFggnoj1P4EcmNEP2K6Ng	5	1	bank building turn to a coffee beanery is way cool. plenty of seats to settle yourself in and crack open your books and do your homework. the free wi-fi is helpful too, but the connection lags sometimes when their a bunch of people hopping online to check their myspace.it gets chilly at time, i suggest bring a sweater if you're the unlucky one seated underneath the A/C vent. the vault room is great when trying to escape the loud chatter in the main room, just don't forget to turn off your cell phone when you're in there, it's kind of rude...if you wanna be shaking out of your pants, i suggest the Iced Toddy. it's strong and it should keep you up all night if you have a big project the following day.customer service is very nice and helpful.
ok-4zBAxaoHwpiSZSjorNg	7WGBi29_vj_7RcPVxpLNHA	4	3	A very tasty place for breakfast.  I strenuously object to any place that doesn't serve hash browns, but really that's my only complaint.  They have a ton of different omelets/scrambles (you choose) and you can make your own.  Example: spinach tomato sausage bacon with american cheese.  As a scramble.  With salsa.  The coffee is good (I hear from my wife) and the cinnamon roll is a real treat.  Not the best cinnamon roll ever in a million years but a good 8.5/10.  It is true that there can be a very long wait so plan ahead for sure.  You'll be waiting outside.  They grill their wheat toast-solid.
DeOc5jG7hJxEmv02zegICw	OdD1GuGNQ64ssJmMJ_D9RQ	4	1	What The Duce!?For starters, where the heck is this place? At first, I wasn't sure if I should be walking in simply because the factory workshop look threw me off!  Um ... hello?  No worries, once we walked into the store area that's when the fun started.  This place really got my interest.  Seems to me you can purchase some vintage items and clothes.  They had stadium-seating area with a projector screen, an ice cream shake area, boxing ring, and a small gym -- where the heck am I!   We finally found the restaurant area shortly.  The kitchen is an old school food truck, then again everything about this place is old school; chairs, tables, etc.  I ordered the sliders because it was a recommendation - meatball, chicken sausage, and bbq brisket.  A bottle of coke -- yep it figures.  Meatball sliders were the best of the 3, the sausage was definitely and acquired taste.   My sis, had the eggs and avocado one and it was okay.  I enjoy my visit to the Duce simply because of it's odd ball nature.  It's definitely an experience wortha visit.  -  Enjoy!
hXWYiRqo4iiw21NAkc6srA	TfTlOE6h9E9o34dEkw9L_w	4	3	Been to the Rose and Crown a couple of times now and have sampled some food. They have an extensive beer selection, including Sessions. It's an American lager. Very tasty! They also have Carlsberg, which I am told is the Bud Light of Europe. I still love it! The french fries are the TITS! They are so good I was unashamedly eating them off of someone else's plate without asking. I have had the Reuben and was uninspired. The corned beef was good, but overall just lacking. I guess that is what I get for getting a Jew sandwich at an Irish pub. The decor is cool! There are futbol kits and scarves along the walls. Ya know soccer? Wonder if they show games there on the weekends? Do they have TVs? Oh well. The place is a little small, but quaint. They do have a nice patio that has ample space. Cool place to hang out on a spring night. I think they had live music too.
o_Onywa5PRrXHwmrdBZ1PA	O02Z6r9mO3tORhD5ynWPeg	4	2	Very good coffee!  I get my iced Americano here with room for cream.  The coffee is so much better than the Starbucks down the street, but not as convenient...shamefully to say, there's no drive-through.  When you have a vehicle full of kids which one would you pick?  So, I come here solo right before I wander around the little shops.  A must try!
2oymozYB2jGQhbOiLTjM8g	rZbHg4ACfN3iShdsT47WKQ	5	1	Bobby Q is GREAT! We enjoyed EVERYTHING: brisket sandwich, baby back ribs, brisket with spicy sauce - yum!!! Blooming onion - just right! Baked potato crunchy on the outside and fluffy on the inside  withe barbeque pork and the fixings......mmmmmmmm!  Our waitress perfect - Go - now!
jbFnxorx2UoV1CfIGOcmfA	nBrD6TxddhHx4FhMk32JvQ	3	0	Niro's is a staple.  Quick, easy lunch that hits the spot when you're feelin like gyros.  I'm not saying it's the best gyro I've ever had, nor am I saying it's the cheapest (around $9 total), but it gets the job done.  I usually get the single gyro meal when I go.  The fries are the thick cut super crispy kind, and the gyros are cooked well, with plenty of sauce (not sure what people are saying about it being dry, my hand's are always a mess after eating one of these), and onions and tomatoes to boot.  Great in-and-out spot if you didn't bring lunch to work on any given day.  Plus, the owner is always really nice and friendly.
DY2CnXnnlOV2IZM3jwm_qw	jtzhY-P4H6WSYpv5rWhxtw	5	1	Anyone who tells you this place isn't amazing is cu cu for coco puffs. The owners are equally amazing. They will remember you and tell you amazing stories and the cocktails are always amazing. My favorite is the lychejito made from lychee infused vodka made in house. The spring roll bar is amazing and they always change it up for me if I ask for substitutions. There really isn't anything on the menu that isn't good they offer everything from Vietnamese sammies to amazing clay pots. I always go for the soup but that hasn't stopped me from trying everything else. Everything is always fresh and delicious. Their happy hour is awesome as well.
RageAhURc94P-u6HXDwAVg	cfy-C6XNFt-F-dCQfK7EDQ	4	0	Pretty good. Excellent deals for happy hour.  The vegetable tempura, miso soup, salad, beef teriyaki, chicken teriyaki, california rolls, and crunch rolls were very good.  The spicy tuna was a little bland. Our children even enjoyed the food.
R3JKmqYQxqCv5cWH9vMnbg	oAxR0TJhPHMrN_hjQWBWMA	4	2	As far as Peter Piper Pizza's go, this one is pretty awesome!  Yes, you have the kids running around everywhere.  Yes, you lack gourmet pizza.  But, uh, HELLO.  It's Peter Piper Pizza.  I happen to like (not love) the pizza here, maybe it stems from it being rooted in me as a child.  Anytime we go dining with children under 13 in tow, this is always a great choice.  The kids eat, they play, they tire themselves out and they come home with a bunch of cheap crap they bought with their tickets that cost me triple what it would of cost at the dollar store with regular grown-up money versus tokens and tickets. Anyhow.....I'm a fan of this particular location because:1) The place is spacious enough that you are not run down by little people on your way to pick up your order. 2) They keep tables, play areas and restrooms very clean.3) Service is satisfactory.4) Play area, arcade games, carousel are all in great condition - nothing torn, falling apart or borderline condemned like other Peter Piper restaurants.5) They have several 32 inch TV's hanging in case you want to catch a particular game while the kids are playing.6) And, again, the pizza is really not that bad.
3AZHdOPpk7TUAtDjKbex6g	QKGZajo_Xm6AW3lHkU9Mmg	5	1	Mastro's serves up the best steak in Scottsdale.  They also offer delicious seafood and excellent side dishes.  Prices are steep. After 10pm this place becomes a pick up joint for gold digging women seeking sugar daddy's.
Hvp74O477vJYmlL45614SQ	7cP7WFmWiTVh-raIL3N_Vw	4	3	This is a great place for grilled cheese and tomato soup.  They also have a great selection of beers on tap.  Parking is hit or miss, but you can't miss a cute house that has been converted to a great gastropub.  Always a friendly face and you will always run into good folks.
EDUz1xofgr13M85fxJ0lXg	M6fjHpkL9IRI-nI0BattRw	5	2	I will start this review off by saying that I would normally have given this place 4 stars, but for a large dog-friendly patio, and immediate water bowls the minute your dogs butt hits the ground, they get the extra star. We went today, a Sunday, and sat down next to people that had the exact same dog that we have (a female harlequin Great Dane) and knew that it was fate.  We sat by them, because they seemed awesome and in great company, the food flourished in my eyes.  They have a pretty decent beer selection, they had my favorite Sonoran White Chocolate ale and my boyfriend had something he loved on tap called the Bell's Two Hearted Ale (but apparently it's an amazing IPA). I knew I'd love mine, he LOVED his.We had the Mac and Cheese, which was awesome, but not as amazing as others I've had.  So order it if your a Mac person, but don't if you're not.  We had two sandwiches for dinner, I had the Acapulco Cheesesteak (UNBELIEVABLE!!!!!!!!!!!)  and Seann had the RB&C (an equally impressive Roast Beef concoction). Those were both devoured with great beer and great conversation with others.Lastly we had the Triple Chocolate Brownie, per a recommendation from our fellow dog owner and it was delish.  VERY VERY chocolatey and too much food after an app, a sandwich and two beers, but it was definitely worth trying.Overall the food would have gotten a four, but the experience with cool people around us, and a great waitress really sealed the 5 star deal.  Now being added into the rotation.  Thank you Main Ingredient! : )
-Thtk_OBDRvDPBpLFq_ZsQ	MuIXnv7Oq7X3-4aEsp9dDA	3	0	Ok.  Not great for what is supposedly a good steak joint.  Not much ambiance and food was good not great.
rtc78teedDhKsolGw65sGg	FOfhEC6rN23RQaUlsR2byw	5	0	My boyfrind and I attended here this past weekend on Serptember 8,2012 to celebrate our one year anniversary. Every employee went out o their way to tell us Happy Anniversary. We were seated quickly after entering the restaraunt. Our waiter was knowledgeable, friendly and very professional. We were given our own privacy to celebrate intimately. The food was amazing and we both enjoyed our selves so much!! Thank you Meling Pot. We are going to make you our annual celebration spot!!!
BFN9bmI9H0LIYaKt1fU4mA	h6jfMpTZpNduLG0wE2tbaw	5	1	Cute busy place in Central Phoenix. Not hiding behind gimmicks to make themselves authentic. Simple and sweet. Staff is well versed in Japanese food, if you haven't had it in years ask. Great staff, great food, great times.
jGxgko-vayEnO4axbRatdA	8ZQc4awuK6_yvcERvczR5g	1	0	I think they need to hire a better chief; the food doesn't taste right.My mom said she can teach them how to cook for free.
pUElvYJztnBdefNiXs7OIg	KIgkwPEOxbfdeCk0ltycOQ	4	1	I'm shocked to see there aren't many great reviews for Maria Maria.  My wife and I have been there several times, including a breakfast stop and always come away very happy.The steak fajitas are so good my mouth is watering as I type this.  They give you several salsas with your meal and my favorite is the chipotle style creamy sauce that comes with the fajita.  This is the stuff that dreams are made of.  Also their guacamole is so good and fresh.  Love the salsas as well!  Everything else on the menu, though is a little off.  Don't bother with the mole, it was just gross.Very cool decor and sometimes they have live guitar.  Very classy Mexican restaurant.  Go for the steak fajita, guacamole and salsa.
Q4wTVVEnkN-tPuspO0FQTw	CO8UjN6WXsDJqo5qJx8nFA	3	5	I have visited Tokyo Stop twice now for an a-ok lunch. There's nothing really bad about Tokyo Stop, but it just hasn't blown my socks off. On my first visit I had the bulgogi plate. It was HUGE. Full of hot marinated beef and a large serving of white rice. I've had bulgogi several times before and this bulgogi is a-ok. Again, not the best I have had, but not bad! I poured Sriracha all over it and I was a happy girl! The second time I visited, I ordered the teriyaki chicken combo. Again, another a-ok dish. Nothing fancy! The prices for each dishs is VERY reasonable. I don't think I've paid over $7 for anything.I would most certainly visit Tokyo Stop again. They offer a solid lunch at reasonable prices.
0Xyt9XGeImU7AjiwVOp3ug	ujLZmyy11g1JHCQTxRA3Dw	3	0	i visited on jan 19 and ordered the thai basil (their signature dish) with calamari, which had a very unique flavor that was a bit masked by the spiciness. i'm a wimp when it comes to spices, and i was overwhelmed by the medium i ordered. though the dish was very good, it was, for a dish dish consisting mostly of vegetables, on the scant side for 11.95. my friend ordered a curry, and it was a sizable portion, presented in a clay pot. i sneaked a bite, and it was very good too.the place is comfortable and intimate, with booths and tables, and the wait staff is very friendly.
qw9o9KNudG_aWcujmc5qMg	DBoebGeuz91QAP3tSFYs6w	4	1	Not your typical deli meat-this is the real deal with the shredded turkey.  Very good.
zQWAQlRIQmN-nJmBPrbB5w	5-X03Zc0nN7U5eoe8uFUdw	4	3	Love this place. Quaint.  Nice owners.  The meatloaf is fantastic.  Reminds me a little of home in Mn.  .. . old house.
oWLh_cqC97TUvRq_JjRUzw	PmPOuRvuN3CoNOi1nBj_TQ	5	1	In town for business, and came to Pappadeaux's for dinner...what a great experience.  Hostess, wait staff, and servers were all outstanding.  The food was amazing.  Perfectly cooked vegetables to accompany the Costa Rican Mahi.  Ice cold beer on a hot, 102 degree day was a welcome addition!Although we later found out our waiter was in training (it was his first day), he was attentive, professional, and available to answer any questions we had.Highly recommended.
tGDivFYsOuK8zL8N0zlMxQ	dcd3C1gWv-vVdQ9XYV8Ubw	4	0	not a bad place for pizza... it is very infomral and the pizza is good... they have a nice beer selection... if you want to get a pie, beer and salad in Old Town and that is all you really want this is the place... the menu is baiscally pizza, beer and salad... but all good...
HrYFhIcSH9WyhAKPLilnGw	oyzxIqrtzu-8sWlPhJVsLw	5	1	Count us in for a #5 Combo, a Oaxaca Special & two hard tacos....maybe some chips and salsa to go!Best Mexican fast food around..and cheap!Always busy at lunch, but they get through the orders in a timely manner.  Seating can be tricky, so have one order and another stalk tables! :)You can park behind the place and walk through the back door....little FYI.
-ND5YhB3B8bAgcl-xSU_2Q	2OY8xs4aqOt8eTnYokdrww	4	0	Had an outstanding lunch here.  The view is amazing, their cheese fondue dip was delicious, and they serve up a tasty burger.I definitely recommend it and would come back in a heartbeat on my next visit to Phoenix.
Lg-OgHLpderrDxUxh2uRhg	lktu5JPDlQUG-7cV7gOzDQ	4	0	I walked here from Tempe Center for the Arts for a coffee during a break in the dress reharsal for Breaking Ground this weekend.Very comfortable vibe, engaging barristas.Truly excellent coffee.I wish there were a place to sit outside though.Instead, I drank mine while walking back to TCA.Don't get to do that often enough in this Valley.I'll be back to Cartel whenever I want sit-in coffee.
lbIfQVEb9Ljl4eyRwuhr7A	iRg16D8dWjmv70NF68kgRA	5	4	Two words for you. Mouth.  OrgasmWifey and I decided to eat here for our 5 year wedding anniversary. I have to say this is one of the best meals I've ever eaten, hands down. We bought a Restaurant.com gift certificate that cost $10.00 for a $50.00 Gift Certificate. They also have half priced bottles of wine on Friday nights as well.I went with the 5 course menu. I chose 2 of the dishes, and let the chef pick the other three. We started out with the Crudo Cheese plate that was phenomenal! It had goat cheese, goat feta, goat mozarella (sooo good), cherry compote, roasted dates, tomatoes, cured lamb jerky, smoked olives and truffles with toast. If that doesn't give you a food stiffy, your not human. The first dish I had, which was one I picked, was the butterfish crudo. It was served with oven roasted tomatoes and lardo with some sort of escebeche type sauce, hands down my favorite plate in Phoenix right now. Holey cow! Next, I had the albacore crudo with truffles, apples, black garlic and pepper. Another amazing dish. My next dish was one the chef selected as well, it was their Japanese Fish Market Special. I don't recall the type of fish, but it was good. I felt bad for this plate though, it had to follow some illlll dishes. The 4th course I had was the mushroom gratin. It had hen of the woods, crimini, potato and was topped with an egg. I felt it was just too much, a little clunky. That's probably just my taste though, there was nothing wrong with the execution of the dish. I finished with the roasted veal served with parmesan creamy polenta. Friggin amazing, I wanted to whisper sweet nothing into it's ear and smack it on the boohiney.  We went with a great bottle of Nebbiolo, that was exceptional. The service was excellent. At first I was kind of weirded out with the restaurant being inside a retail shop, but we moved to one of the high top tables and it felt more like a quaint little cafe. What a great meal, fargin amazing!!  Pics to come
ByWalHNPMpcsxH36NjH-dQ	Cv4kZH9zN0wpN2Drn0qkLg	4	2	I never used to like Chipotle - pretty much the same way I never used to like gyro's, but now I can't get enough!I don't go for the overstuffed burritos - the cleaner and easier to eat burrito bowl is the way to go.  I always get double steak, rice, pinto beans, and the medium tomatillo salsa - best...combo...ever!  I guess I should branch out and try new things on the menu, but I ALWAYS order the same thing from every place I frequent.  Ok - next time I'll try something other than the chicken - since it's super bland.The staff are always super helpful - even got a little tip from the cashier once.  If the line is long (as it always is), just step outside, place a phone order, then hop around the line to go pick up your called in order, because she said they make it nearly immediately. ahahah  I've made an order with my iPhone twice now, and it couldn't be easier.The only reason this place got 4 stars was because even though the steak is awesome most of the time, from time to time it's kinda tough - it could be that much better if the meat was a little bit better quality.  Also - the chicken is always dry and lacks flavor.
uljrlJicLaQJOn4KmqYpLw	e5kc0CQ4R-PCCDgb274gSg	5	0	Best TexMex in the valley! The chips and salsa are home made and probably the best I have ever eaten. I had shrimp tacos which were delicious, staff was very friendly and down to earth.....if you ate downtown give them a try.
3L2DRtOEJo4Mxn928JYrLA	3UMcsN9IjoeV8JZvC4apag	4	4	This was stop numero uno on our group's light rail bar crawl.  None of us had ever been there before so we were excited to see what this place was all about.Situated about a 10ish minute walk from the light rail station, it is a nice walk through a part of town where I wouldn't normally be.  You wouldn't think this place is a brewery because of its small size but it is.  The inside is very quaint and taverny.  It has a very relaxed vibe going on.I ordered the sampler and all their beers are pretty decent.  I decided on the Amber for my pint, but they were all good so it was a difficult decision.  Not bad for a little local brewery at all.  For a quick bite before we moved on we ordered the calamari and the bratwurst splitter.  The calamari was pretty standard and the aioli had a nice kick to it.  The bratwurst was excellent and unique.  Each was perfect to split among 4 people.  The rest of their menu looked good but is pretty much typical bar food.  Well probably a bit better than average bar food.  Anyway, it is perfect food for the place and looking back we should have probably eaten dinner there instead of only an appetizer.Pro Tip:  Cross over to the north side of the street at the light as soon as you exit the light rail station.  Otherwise you will be dodging traffic as you try to cross because the place is located on the other side of the street far from another crosswalk.Anyway, I would like to come back for a few beers and food.  I would also like to do the brewery tour.
BijeD2f2YIowWPsmQmyZpw	mhLN_oiJd7zq6eaOS1Nw1A	5	1	Tried Roy's for the first time last night when we met some friends who rave about their Aloha Hour (Happy Hour).  Always avoided going because we tend to not like restaurant chains, but this place is a gem and exceeded our expectations.The bar area is relatively small, but very classy.  We were able to have few drinks at the bar ($5 for beer, wine, and their signature cocktails) before we were able to get a table in the bar area for 5 people...thanks to Leah and the hostess staff (you guys are great).  Didn't have a bad drink -- loved the The Original Hawaiian martini was delish, as was the mojito, jalapeno margarita, mai tai, and wine.  A friend was sad the cucumber drink she liked was missing from the menu, but sounds like the menu changes often so diners/drinkers get a chance to try new concoctions throughout the year.  For food, we tried most of the HH specials.  Everything was spot on -- excellent flavors and beautifully presented.  The tuna roll and tempura shrimp rolls were my favorites (sushi rolls), with the lobster pot-stickers being a close second.  Some friends ordered dinner...and were able to speak with Chef Bray about his recommendations for fish.  She ended up getting the Crab Dynamite Baked Barramundi, which was so yummy!  The happy rice on the side was great too.   My hubby got the Yellow Fin Ahi Poke -- something we have looked for since trying some fresh poke in Kona, HI last year.  I couldn't believe the flavors...eating poke in the AZ desert!  Its preparation with the Wasabi Crème Fraîche made it a meal we will seek out again in the near future.  Ended our meal by sharing the chocolate souffle, which was a perfect ending to a great Friday night gathering.  Definitely recommend Roy's for seafood that is excellently prepared.  Aloha Hour is a must.  Extra props to Matt, our waiter, and Leah on the hostess team for their accommodations and service.  We had a great night.
mGvXy9ieIOwG6LNaiA7RXw	28ycqW56i70yM_C0ejNv9w	5	0	I love this restaurant concept. It makes for a fun dinner between friends and family. I wish there were ones like it in Central Phoenix so I don't have to drive a half hour for good food and a good dining experience. The veggie options offered are plentiful and fresh, which is important to me. The broth is so flavorful. But be warned weak tongued restaurant-goers, the spicy broth has a kick that will stick!Some are saying it's too expensive? I think it's worth it.
Ysisum90f6Bg_CtkTOwDuQ	cOUS79i4vltKIc_hy4OZBg	5	0	Don't let the slightly sketchy neighborhood put you off.  Baiz market has some of the best food in town.  The small deli (cafe?  Not sure what to call it) located in the market has all of the staples such as shwarma and falafel.  the prices are cheap, The service is snappy and friendly, and the food is exceptional, especially considering the price.  Wash down your meal with any one of many exotic drinks (or, just choose a diet coke) in the beverage cooler.  Even if you've stuffed yourself silly, wander on back to the bakery.  The assortment of traditional Middle Eastern sweets can't be matched anywhere in town.  Come early and wander around in the market to pick up your selection of hard to find ingredients.
NCuT3jrIqXy7sH3T9qc4AQ	WNy1uzcmm_UHmTyR--o5IA	4	1	I ain't from around here. Where I come from,  restaurants located in strip malls are not to be trusted. "Feed me but be careful." Speaketh my hangover and we rolled back the stone to the pasty-cave.So the hangover and I find ourselves inside the pit as The Soledad Brothers play and smoke rises from the narrow kitchen. Ten pounds of onion simmer on a grill.  A beautiful woman hands me a menu. Oh god, they are everywhere! That man making the food has an immaculate beard!!! Am I in Chicago?! What's happening hangover?!  No. I'm In Tempe, where there is a kickass restaurant that serves kickasser beer, and great comfort food to cure what ails you. Bangers and Mash. Mmmm. Mash.
yeUaGFvw-3gJ0N8abwN4wg	TQhP4vCMjvX527YMxPfuUA	3	1	Went to this place for lunch. I've spent a lot of time in Greektown in downtown Detroit, so I'm very familiar with good Greek food. The atmosphere is fun (like most Greek spots), and servers were a young, attentive, and attractive group. The food is pretty good and there was a large enough crowd to justify the 18 minute wait for my meal. All in all a pretty good lunch spot...heard that the expanded happy hour really packs 'em in, so naturally I HAVE to go back to get my OPA on!
OfMrI_HAd5ble9nzpFZ2Bg	3oZcTGb_oDHGwZFiP-7kxQ	5	0	The service has always been really good.I love LOTS of things on the menu. The dixie pan fried chicken is great.  There's a great little sticky bun that comes with it.  The Del mar salad is great.  I've had great experiences going to chelsea's kitchen.  Overall it's in my heavy rotation on places I always say YES, let's go there!
ZTPy5A93V7Ydx6pk1_G3ww	K2_Hmmo5crTYWiT_1sWnfQ	5	0	Of all the Chipotle's I really like this one.  The staff is exceptionally friendly and I don't think I've ever been in the place, and I've"ve been a lot, where they weren't meticulously cleaning the restaurant with soapy suds.
-7nluosclwW3csCCh8PKQw	g--Qvh7JzgsX6B1gdEJ1SA	2	3	Q: How many people and how many minutes does it take to make a "toasty" sub?A: At Quiznos?  A LOT.The food is decent, especially the tuna melt, and $5 for a large is a great deal.  But this place is SO incredibly slow, every time I go there I swear it's the last time.  Alas, living across the street from it I have caved and gone back a few times...  But seriously, don't come here if you've got groceries in the trunk, kids waiting in the car, or anywhere you need to be in the next hour.  Also: I can't stand the oregano powder crap they dump on every sub.  Come on, Quiznos, there's gotta be a better-tasting distinctive touch.  I always tell them to leave this stuff off, and half the time they put it on anyway. FYI - once the sandwich is out of the toasting machine, toppings are available by request only.  No one's gonna ask what you want on it like at Subway.  You really have to speak up if you want onions, olives, or whatever else they've got hiding back there.Please God grant me the willpower to stop coming back to this Quiznos!!!!!!
lSF7ILNpdHLdJBrvIHvjzw	vARjqeIkSNsazHltujiq4Q	5	0	Dig it! Good beers on tap. Tasty food. Friendly servers. Cool place to hang out and relax. My fav pasty is the cajun chicken with the spicy sauce. Don't forget to check out the desserts. Towards the back is an iPad where you can pick a few tunes to be played..kinda neat if you're in the mood for something in particular. If you haven't checked it out, you should. I like this location better than the Tempe location because it has more seating and a better scene for visiting with friends.
-e3z8TMTub7v9pVxzEHO-A	TbaAnzOTX2-boTbAp3e8Qw	5	3	How can anyone not give these guys a 5 star?  Cafe Rio invented the sweet pork burrito and nobody...and I mean NOBODY can do it better.  I moved here a year ago from Utah where Cafe Rios are as abundant as Micky Dees .... and I was so happy to see the Cafe Rio sign.  I eat there to much.  Its a 30 min drive to get there from where I live, but I love that I don't ever have to wait in line as long as I did when eating at the Utah ones...Let me help you with what to order:  No serious if you are reading this...go there TODAY and order this - Sweet pork burrito with black beans, hot sauce, enchilada style with pico and guac ... no lettuce (unless you like lettuce ... I don't)
ild-FcbbQ1rgqk4LIzoWPg	VY_tvNUCCXGXQeSvJl757Q	4	1	Loved the spinach salad.  I'll have to find out what kind of dressing that was in it.  Yumm  The beer selection is the first thing that I would come back for.  We ordered the Gourmet White pizza which has:Olive Oil and Garlic base pizza with Sun-Dried Tomatoes, Provolone, Mozzarella, Feta, Roma Tomatoes and Onions.Yummy. Especially the crust, which is a wheat crust that compliments the pizza very well.  Nothing left on my plate!  Hope to try the meatier, yes, I made up that word, pizzas next time!
f7I-Gm8md45qtJYP3ARi0g	8H1DwdAAgSBtwDeb2R-hmA	4	4	I've heard way good stuff about this place for a while and finally had the pleasure of sitting down and having some lunch there.Thoughts: Staff was friendly and quick, nice place, very clean and some hi-tops and lots of tables and outdoor seating as well.Chicken salad bagel sandwich wasn't too bad at all, except for the nuts in it - I'd probably eat it again however.  Had a tomato basil bagel toasted with it... yum!  I'm wanting to go back to try different menu items now :)
j2HrC274fTmGHeIwD0U6rw	cOUS79i4vltKIc_hy4OZBg	4	0	In a town with arguably dozens of grocery options, Baiz is a unpolished gem. It's on an unassuming sidestreet and the exterior is a typical desert drab, but inside you will find high quality and very reasonably priced international groceries. Greek, Middle Eastern, Ethiopian, Indian and more. Most of the brands aren't immediately recognizable by Americans but that shouldn't be a deal-breaker. We're talking 99 cent hummus, 99 cent fresh baked pita,  condiments of every type and price, and great options for coffee and tea drinkers. This store is very awesome, and I would actually prefer to give this small business my bucks over national chain grocers. They also sell hookahs. Just saying.
WuPgnh6V9icOYUzcSRdeRA	KO9CpaSPOoqm0iCWm5scmg	4	1	I needed to grab a bite on a day in the office, so I thought I'd take a little trek over to Sandwich Club. Lots of my former co-workers would tell me that they loved the food here.As soon as I walked in, I was greeted by the owner. A super cool dude. He promptly asked if it was my first time there, and he asked where I was from. I like a little small talk before a sandwich.In any case, I ended up going with a no-mayo tuna salad sandwich.Do you remember that time in junior high when you saw a pretty girl and you never had the guts to go talk to her? But your friends dared you to do it? The no-mayo tuna salad is the pretty girl. I dare you to try it. It's amazing. The capers and lemon juice make this so flavorful. You'll be holding hands with this, and it will grace your lips in no time....unlike that girl from Jr. High who secretly despised you because you were fat. Oh wait.The menu seems quite diverse, with many sandwich options, and they also make crepes.The food tasted great, the service was great. I'd definitely come back for more and try something else.Afterall....who doesn't love a good sandwich!
vkFZfxjmbFfOgbVToyWsBw	7SO_rX1F6rQEl-5s3wZxgQ	5	4	Wait a second...I have not written a review!  This is nuts!!!!!Anyways...I adore this place.  LGO and the pizzeria are my favorite places in the world...lol...I am here at least 4-6 times per week.  It is nuts!  Anyways..the reason I am here all the time is because it is FABULOUS!!!!  This place can never go wrong!  The orange and fennel salad it amazing!  It is the perfect mix and each bite and a delight in your mouth and to your taste buds!  I often get this salad through out the week.  I love the kale and quinoa salad too!  It is my go to salad.  I am obsessed with the avocado pizza with prosciutto and goat cheese and the roasted corn pizza with prosciutto.  I wish I could get enough but I cannot!  The ambiance is awesome! Mr.Lynn is a genius and made this place so welcoming and open.  I love how its so laid back and romantic at the same time.  The parking is difficult, but you expect that since it is so popular!  Now the Peanut Butter Pie!!!  OMG OMG OMG!!  There are no words...it is DELICIOUS!!  I try to refuse every time but I cannot.  I really enjoy the sangria.  The wine selection is great!  I just love this place!!!!
AN7wQPa5ZHx-I7SgcJy6fw	bc-lE-wGVAsUrX-kJhtY-Q	5	1	The place to go during spring training after a game and see a baseball player (will be crowded for sure). the experience is just really neat though, the place is covered head to toe with sports memorabilia, definitely the place to go if you're a visiting sports fan in scottsdale
f-DWOMaffPReV-Yb7Wg28A	-gefwOTDqW9HWGDvWBPSMQ	5	0	Came here on a Friday night after a bike ride. As an Irish bar, there is a lot of whiskey on the wall, but they can make whatever you need. The food was a hell of a lot better than I thought it was going to be. On the encouragement of the bouncer, I ordered the wings which were meaty but I've had better. What I should have gotten was the shepards pie. 2 of my friends got it, and it was VERY good. I'm going to go back, just get it on my own. Lastly, this place dishes out cheap, strong drinks. Good place to get sauced before hitting a club.
qnz40iZiloR4Yadx0CoIzw	AaKlegu7gmOCD4rEESF76Q	4	3	Our dinner club ended up at Maizie's this month after the other pick was closed.... we lucked out! We were unknowingly there on $3 burger Monday, so pretty much everyone ordered the burger. They had told us the wait would be short, 15-20 minutes. It ended up being about 45 min, which was a little frustrating. But our waiter was awsome and fast and we received our food very quickly. I think us ravenous girls had a turnaround of about 30 minutes once seated. First I have to give homage to their fries... Both the regular and sweet potato are excellent. Well seasoned, with potato skins, and a nice balance of crispy and soft. Their chipotle dipping sauce is reminiscent of the yummy sauce at Delux. I got a basic burger with cheddar cheese - it was cooked perfectly to order and tasted great. Total bill: $5.00 ($3 burger + $1 cheese +$1 fries= amazing deal!)My friend's salad was huge and delicious looking with all kinds of good stuff on it. I want to go back and try a salad, and maybe pizza and sangria night (Tues & Wed) or, ooh, one of their stuffed burgers. I think I'll be back a few times...
7sJ6XV4KEz6Q5FKEe19Z6A	ghzksdgNztTZA49PqMvPkA	4	2	Pei Wei is a family favorite, especially for take out. I can call Pei Wei while I leave the house, order my food as I drive, and when I arrive 9 times out of 10 the food is hot and ready to roll. The food is always tasty and at a fair price. We love it.
IXSD2vCFI-RlMidmGRuMCg	S7f-B7KNSTU_akRQGeft6Q	4	0	C'mon, it's deep dish Chicago-style pizza in Arizona. I'm not about to complain. Forgo the appetizers, unless you can eat alot of food. My friend and I came here after our 5K run. I packed away three mouth-watering slices of their signature pizza. It was so worth it. If I could have eaten more, I would have. Forget thin crust or flat bread. Thick crust pales in comparison. There's nothing else like deep dish, and I'm glad there's an easily accessible joint in my 'hood that I can go to when I need my fix.
H0AqAh6DBmMsZD5F87nYeA	VNJMoQAzJFWBYclBOSDPOA	4	5	Southern hospitality? Yes ma'am (or Mister)  :)The first thing that struck me was that my server had a lovely accent. My daughter looked at me & asked me if it was part of her job to fake an accent,,,, I went with no. I'm not sure where it's from, but it's a 'honey & y'all' accent :D She had a very friendly disposition & made our lunch experience a pleasure. She made her mama proud. The food was decent AND you can have breakfast all day. I love having breakfast for dinner, so that's a big selling point to me :)The building is fairly new, not too brightly lit & clean. In all honesty I would have given them an A OK rating, 3 stars, but our server pushed them to a 'yay! I'm a fan', 4 star rating. Good people make the difference!
dSl1uFP6jmN1bNsQ-Wg-PQ	Shl6PtJERnowSJSC4IHbYQ	5	1	i hate going to places that i can goto near home, in Phx for the Cubs games.. but my daughter wanted pizza and we saw Z and had to go becuz we know how good it is. I like this one alot better then ours.
Vki4HM-R9t7xK0g8iFIuUw	H010pkpCls0M-mjIzSCVlQ	5	0	BACON, people!  Spicy Italian sausages, brats, even heirloom veggies by the pound?  Locally raised hogs and none of the extra chemicals the corporations and grocery stores use?  I have found my personal piggy promised land and it is The Meat Shop.  I headed over here with some buddies after hearing that some local restaurants and patrons have been taking notice of the flavor and quality they offer.  We were quite pleased.  The staff were helpful and knowledgeable about the meats, cuts, and preparation.  We grilled up everything that night - the sausages, the brats, the veggies... even the bacon... because, why not?  I think we spent a grand total of $20 and we still had enough leftovers to throw in with some sunny side up eggs and toast the next morning for breakfast.  This place is fantastic and surprisingly the same cost as most of the stuff you'll find in the grocery store.  I can't wait to head back over for round 2!
8J_nS3TAVVCLFINX29wi3g	hNVcBhJSD5HyLKMf_Z7TaA	4	2	Good food, nothing super delicious that makes me have cravings. I haven't been here in a long time, as in when the fries didn't come with the burgers (you had to order them as a side item). However, now they do come with them and are still endless, but I did notice the burger prices went up to allow for the burgers to now come with fries...something that is always expected at any burger joint. They do have sweet potato fries that you can order, big plus. Service has always been great, they are really quick with getting drink orders in and served to you. I've ordered a bunch of items from salads to fish tacos, and of course, their burgers. Everything has tasted decent and I'm not really sure what qualifies as having "Fine Burgers" in a restaurant title, but I don't think Islands has it. The restaurant itself is very clean and the bathrooms are well kept. The only downside is the acoustics in this place. It can get very loud when its busy and almost annoyingly loud when there are a few kids in the joint.
a9D98PtV4qRUk2i5FC8crQ	nDHyino_t7O94ZzRHGUApw	4	0	There are so many good things to say about AJ's, it's hard to know where to start. Amazing meats and seafood. Great deli items. Great sushi bar. Knowledgeable staff. Fantastic produce. Gorgeous flowers. And the pastries... the list just goes on and on. There is usually a somalier on staff to help with wine selections to go with whatever cut of meat or seafood choice you've gone with. A good mix of everyday grocery items as well as specialty items. If you can find the marinated garlic, try it! It's so so good. Try the butternut lasagna if the deli has it. And the pastries... The pastries. Cheesecakes, mini red velvet cakes, Boston Cream Pies, cupcakes, croissants, bagels... All of the highest quality. You will never have a problem finding something sweet to curb that craving, except that you may have a problem narrowing the field. Note: not every AJ's has a sushi bar, so keep that in mind if you head to a different location with a hankering for fresh sushi. No matter what you're going in for, the friendly, helpful staff will help ensure you get exactly what you need.
hk7c8MKNSXQKbre7zyAFcg	yKbXWo_6VlS3mD_RcPquog	5	0	Love this place!  Their slices are delicious (and HUGE) and a great deal.  Service is always fast and good.  Their loyalty programs (frequent visits and VIP card) are also great.   The fact that they're locally owned and support the local community doesn't hurt either.  :)It's basically the only place I go to for pizza nowadays.  1 slice is more than enough, and I love that I can get it just the way that I want.  If you're a member of their VIP program (free to join) you can also get the slices for dinner too.
sj3YyLFa2tFbv3NvwLyvvA	G1_uulnhkAUBsaMAlJFc_g	2	2	I read the two good reviews here on Yelp, so I was looking forward to a good Italian dinner.  Unfortunately, it must have been an off night.  The waitress didn't want to be bothered and the meatballs and the tomato sauce on the spaghetti didn't have much flavor.  That's the test of a good Italian restaurant for me.  If the sauce is good, they usually get thumbs up.  This sauce wasn't "bad," but it was bland and watery.  Even the bowl of spaghetti wasn't drained properly so there was a dripping, runny mess at the bottom of the paltry bowl of pasta.  This place is right around the corner from my house and Dominic is my brother's name!  So I was really disappointed.
p9GNq76C05Vvudj0C_HsKw	BojnLUPz5IzZKyQocGc7uw	4	1	We were on our way to the Heard Museum...but diverted to Sabor Cubano.  I was in the car with my mom-in-law (married a Cuban), sister-in-law (1/2 Cuban), and aunties.  And we kept talkin' about Cuban food.  Mom mentioned a Cuban restaurant nearby, but couldn't remember the name.  Thanks to yelp and my droid, we found it!I had the signature Cuban sandwich.  This might have the been the best one I have ever had in my life.  The bread, the pork, the ham, pickles, cheese was delicious.  I finished my sandwich and felt really guilty that I brought none back for my hubbie.  To top it off, I had a cortadito and thick creamy flan.  Bad wife - hee hee.  (We will come back here, definitely before heading back to the OC.)The only drawback...service was slow.  But it was well worth the wait.
r-aZWGZDwHbDYWTlv1cTHQ	KS2w8ychyieJbUqRa6kCHw	5	1	Really good food, fun atmosphere, great experience and totally unique and fun. I would way rather spend my money at a one of a kind, family owned shop than a cheaper- dime a dozen corporate mcdonalds.
0xbZFcKtf7DiQlex9f0Nag	FV0BkoGOd3Yu_eJnXY15ZA	5	4	I am in love.  This restaurant does everything a good restaurant should.  Ambiance, service and product were good.  The only disappointment I had was with the hour wait on the Monday we went without a reservation.My party of four had an excellent time celebrating a birthday.  Two had the short ribs.  Tender to a fault, served with delicious Bar-B-Que sauce and pecan grits.  One had the fillet with a spicy aioli and delicious potatoes.My meal was a huge pork chop, stuffed with Maytag bleu on a ancho bread pudding.  For an app I split the chop salad.  It deserves special mention and I do recommend it, but it is not a sustaining salad, more of a amuse-bouche.  For dessert we split the peanut-butter cheese cake, delicious.The beverages deserve some mention.  The wine list is this restaurants' only fault, it is tooooo long.  There is a smaller, delicious by-the-glass selection.  The beer selection is well crafted.  I had two of my favorite beers, Dogfishhead Chicory Stout, something I had only had by bottle, wonderful.I normally don't like high-priced eateries b/c there is often a lack of creativity, Cowboy Ciao doesn't disappoint.  Recommended over any Capital Griller or Flemmingsery for creativity and value for dollar.
qOurY6U8v9-5Ec_vh0Bncw	EWnSPExh_T5zTv6oMJOC5g	3	2	Good, fresh chinese food, a little pricey.There are two types of chinese food. Cheap, greasy, satisfying chinese food in a questionable joint. And upscale atmospheric chinese food that aspires to captivate the same audiences that enjoy places like P.F Chengs. This would be the latter: an awhatukee hole in the wall version of P.F chengs. Very clean restaurant, nice atmosphere, and good service. You can tell their motif is such that they cater to the tukee types with a little more coin in hand :/. This is the kind of place you'll find a lot of older families, or much older groups of friends dining together in. Both the orange chicken, and the almond chicken were good, and were made barring on the side of caution when it comes to grease. They were big portions (for $8), with big fresh peices of white meat, fresh vegetables, and no MSG. There is no chance of this meal offending a pickier type with grease, textures, or flavors (which makes it less interesting in my opinion).Both dishes were good, but nothing amazing from the 2 dishes I tried. The green tea ice cream was good, but I've had better green tea ice cream :/ . their version was a little too heavy with cream, and could have used some fruit, or something creative to go with the ice cream. The only other dessert option was another flavor of ice cream.The service was great, very polite and friendly waiters.
81sTvcZ05tgMhZaGICnAEw	YCCDMLcb7UW8G-o_HsWiiA	3	2	Love the atmosphere and how trendy rhus place is, reminds me of Nip/tuck kinda, the way they have it set up. I had thd NY strip steak and i don not think it was worth the price. The steak did not come with a side. Sides are ordered seperately. Great customer service, however I don't think I will be eating here again.
bMIMClZHCc93eAHSbiKCRg	wN_wAXWg8W94v04eqijy6g	3	0	Was visiting Phoenix and wanted to try some of the best place.  Tacos Atoyac kept coming up so I decided to give it a try without reading all the reviews (was recovering from the cold a week before so did not want to do much reading) . It should not be bad if the reviews are all 4 and 5 stars. Came here on 12/23 evening close to 7pm.  Parked the car right in front and seemed no one was in there. It turned out they were closing early that night.  The menu was small and don't offer much explanation (I guess they figure everyone knows what's taco and burro) Place was clean but smelled like smoke when we walked in. Looking at the price, I figure the taco was small and confirmed with the big, tall white tattoo guy behind the cashier, so I know how many to order.  My parents wanted fish tacos (they only know Rubio's fish tacos and burritos *roll eyes*) and I ordered some al pastor and asada tacos.  Since I am from LA, I am spoiled with cheap, good tacos.  The ones from Tacos Atoyas was only a okay compare to the ones in LA.   Usually the tacos I have are overflow with meat, but these are only half way filled.  Taste was a okay too.  They also ran out of beef tamale that night which my dad wanted to try.Anyway... 4 1/2 stars? I don't think so.
VU8LHv59saLWummncIWxug	ASNxwg9dD4-_F4H1uNN2KQ	2	1	It's ok, quality . Service was below par, although they were really busy. Fries were good and endless I guess that's good.. But, I was looking for a good burger, too bad I didn't find it here.
gBwZ-D70fD3N1HofAky2Fg	XLqnjlLYt0_q_NG7l_BpMA	3	1	I have a love/hate relationship with Costco. I love to support local businesses, but this is one of a couple of exceptions I make.  It seems they treat their employees fairly as most of the employees at this store seem to have been there for years if not a decade. One thing that gives me comfort in my purchasing is they have a terrific return policy and take about anything back.
7RqVVhpubP77UsUE4AT49Q	TfTlOE6h9E9o34dEkw9L_w	3	0	British pubs aren't my favorite places to eat, since I am a vegetarian (who eats fish occasionally), but this place was pretty good. The building was cool and full of character and the service was very friendly. Kim was a great server, even though she was doing it all alone on New Year's day! She was very nice and efficient. The food was pretty good. I got fish and chips, but I don't prefer eating fried stuff often. I do have to say, they were good though. The outdoor seating is nice, but man....those birds are lethal! We got pooped on over and over and even our water was tainted! Not The Rose and Crown's fault, but it kinda ruined our experience. This looks like a great place to drink, hang out and even watch the game. I am sure it's a fun place, but just not my favorite.
JbFwn1v8at7nxiBl43KeHg	IfqYtKTV6_smGY8gbuYKkg	3	1	After our fav Mongolian place closed I was set on having Mongolian the night we came across AJ's.It was decent. It seemed a bit over priced. The soft serve was kinda gross and the chocolate was out of order. The all you can eat soup looked like it had been sitting there for a good 8 hours. Will I go back? Maybe. Was I impressed? Not really.Did I leave full? Yes.
v3XjLWzWCNr4hXfjzqbQyg	E7nk0lC317pGxMX56gvaVQ	4	1	3.5 starsCame here for HH on a Tuesday. Loved the ambience, sort of a beachy type feel. We ordered all the appetizers listed for HH, including the sliders, grilled cheese sandwich, wings (buffalo), and bruschetta. Food was decent, my favorite being the grilled cheese sandwich. A nice place to wind down with good company.
CrkKhtPW4_b7uNJ-yvXuAA	fF6m3qsD5blnwuZRuYhzWg	4	0	There have to be some considerations made when attending Frank and Lupe's: First off, you have to understand that it's not GREAT Mexican food. That is to say, it's not real high quality, but more of what you would get at your buddies grandma's house. The second is that the service is somewhat spotty at times. You give your order to the "waiter", who then disappears as you are serviced throughout the nite by the "bus boys". Getting the check is the hardest thing there is. Having said all that, this place is TAST-TEE! I can't get enough of their enchilada's. If you're lucky enough to be there when they are doing their Poblano Chile enchiladas, get them! They are amazing. The chicken mole enchilada plate is also incredibly delicious. And sopapilla's??? WHERE THE HELL HAVE THESE THINGS BEEN ALL MY LIFE?!?!?! Drizzle some honey on these bad boys and enjoy throughout the meal. Like I said, you have to understand what you're getting into with Frank and Lupe's and if you can look past a few of their shortcomings, the food, atmosphere, and prices here are some of the best in town!
hA-x-cWjVYL26TohzzPjyA	_FXql6eVhbM923RdCi94SA	4	0	Went for drinks and appetizers to help benefit Friends of Animal Control and Care and was not disappointed! I am not a big fan of alcoholic beverages but this place made them fantastically. Got the Dr. Funk while my companions got Zombie and Hurricane. All were very tasty especially the Dr. Funk. MmmMMm. The appetizers were well portioned, I got the sweet potato fries and the others got calamri and other fishy foods that I don't eat. No complaints from them so definitely a good sign. Service was great, even though we were doing the special we still received plenty of attention.I will be back but this time to try some food!
m7Mj9f6ncn0lfZ43yfCLgQ	WM8sy8FjrU3PpxN_NI02ZA	2	0	To even admit to serving tex-mex is the first clue about how bad the food is there.  And whoever that nit wit was that said Arizona has bad Mexican obviously knows nothing about Good Mex food.  Ill admit right from the start that I don't want authentic Mex. food.  Go on down to Nogales and get some authentic Mex. food Ha!  What I want is authentic valley of the sun sonoran style Mex. food the way its evolved for a hundred years from the early Mexican Legal Immigrants.  Ihave been all over the USA and true you can get some decent mex food in cal, new mex., west texas.  But to get the best Beans, enchiladas, red, green, chile, tamales tortillas you have to get it right here in AZ.  Here are a few great places.  Don Joses, Matador, Carolinas. Manuels, Some Burro, Juans, Ajo Als, Macayos.  The two best are Ricardos and Papagayos, oops,  They closed because the new management wrecked the food and drove away the faithful.  And thats THE TRUTH, from "The Truth" Ciau!
xL6QBZjegVkzlp3KaC7whg	jqbrMBRsByyVBm8OoQ9dWA	5	0	This is a great breakfast stop!  Gotta love the homemade biscuits... are you kidding me!  Awesome! CB is a huge chain but they do some great things.  The only thing is the way they have designed the space the servers are in the back a lot... too much.  They need to be on the floor more to make sure the cups stay filled up!
8k0A0YzQci40Q0hCEz9WTA	OfNQed4MVoSyY31YJkJWqA	4	0	It's called "Babeway" for a reason people...But I go here for the Deli, they have the best panini. I like to stop in for the 3 cheese panini with mustard and tomato. It's also a good choice to pair up with the Italian wedding soup.
oDPyYEVguTnZlh9ZvDq5IQ	MRgTo4MA3f1MB_VL3IVh5g	4	11	Let me qualify my review by stating that I have not been to Butter & Me.  I have had their yummy mini cupcakes at a Yelp event.I tried the red velvet mini cupcake.  It was really good.  Moist and flavorful with a rich creamy frosting.  Yum.  I chased it with few sips of Cruz tequila.  Hey, it was in my other hand.I also tried a chocolate mini cupcake.  Yummy.  Again, moist and delicious.  I don't know how they keep the mini ones from drying out.  When I make mini muffins at home they dry out easily (that is if any survive the first half hour...the survival rate for any kind of pastry in my vicinity is exceedingly low).I also garnered a few extra cupcakes to take back to my wife and a friend and score points.  Mini cupcakes=brownie points.
7ZfnlDkDfZ8P3ltsKz9-Xw	FqzgT9Y-Yu7jiWdHnGW-kQ	4	1	I dig the Vig. Good food and a great atmosphere/patio. If you like Bocce Ball, then you should definitely check it out, but go soon before it starts to warm up again and be sure to take the Vig Rig home if you're blasted.
5gPbyQHu-szhyRNtkt7s3Q	vARjqeIkSNsazHltujiq4Q	3	0	Food is great, but service is horrible.  The servers are rude and it took a 30 minutes to get our drinks and another 30 for our food. I really liked this place when it first opened.  We live in the area and had hoped for this to be a regular place for us to come to eat, drink and meet friends. I hope the management fixes the problem with the service.  If you are going to try this place, I suggest you sit at the bar for better service.
z8UtDMNUoazx1b69dxx2OA	3oZcTGb_oDHGwZFiP-7kxQ	4	3	I consistently enjoy Chelsea's Kitchen, even in uncomfortable circumstances (long story). This last time was no exception.We started with "white" sangria, which none of us had heard of before, despite prior visits. The "white" is a pinot grigio so it was an easy decision to order the pitcher. The sangria was delightful - we didn't quite finish the wine, but the pitcher-ful of fruit was polished off.My swordfish tacos were delicious and filling. My friend's fried chicken (a special) was good but a bit dry. I suggested gelato after dinner; no one had room.Service was a bit inattentive. The table seated after us received menus, waters and had their order taken before we had a server approach the table. After the first server, another seemed to take over and things got better.The atmosphere at Chelsea's is good, as others have pointed out. It's a great place to hang out. The setting is beautiful. I will return.
7uoQEHDj2pLxov60OkiOaQ	YEQkTCmphjr6XKPh4m93AQ	5	0	I stopped in with a friend on a Saturday night after a friend had recommended it to me and was totally thrilled we did. We sat at a table for sushi and waited no longer than 10 minutes for a table - amazing for 8 pm on a Saturday in old towne.Unfortunately, they had sold out of the oysters, but the other dishes we'd ordered were fabulous - starting with a seared tuna dish, then softshell crab roll, rainbow roll, and the green mussels. The seared tuna was cooked and cut perfectly - just the right temperature with a peppery "rub," the rolls were a decent size with thick cuts of fish and plenty of flavorful crab, and the mussels were a tad overcooked for my preference but the creamy texture and buttery flavor still made it a winner. The thing I appreciated most was actually the service - we weren't rushed or hassled, and the food came out a dish at a time, giving us a chance to eat and enjoy before getting our next dish. At other sushi joints, I am constantly feeling rushed while trying to fit all of the dishes on the table (and I'm not what you'd call a slow eater!). This was a happy medium for me. The server confirmed that we were ready for the bill instead of just dropping it off without asking - it's the little details that make a big difference to me.My only other con was creepy old men leering at us from the bar...but that's what you get in Scottsdale.
6DOPdFlis83p8FRx64QIiQ	xcOncADGPr9eki8OU5Ln7g	1	5	Treachery! Seek it out:Let me begin this review by saying that mine is not an indictment on this particular location but on every single P.F. Chang's I've had the misfortune of being dragged to.P.F. Chang's is effectively the Cheesecake Factory of bad Chinese food, with the disadvantage of not being as capable of delivering passable food. They bill themselves as a "gourmet" Asian experience, which is a bit of a laugh when they turn around and sell you their equally horrible frozen entrées right from the convenience of your local Wal-Mart. Everything is bland, overcooked, and ridiculously priced. Once you've paid nearly $14 for their "orange peel chicken", you may privately hope to yourself that they might have the audacity to include some fried rice. This is your second mistake. Sadly, the bistro calls you on your bullshit. You get white or brown--fried rice is several dollars extra and not at all worth it.Everything seems to be cooked just wrong--things that shouldn't be are too crispy, things that should be sauced are too dry, things that should taste good make you question the will of the gods, all the while you find there's no way to escape the treachery.Things get more and more frustrating as you dig deeper: P.F. Changs, while sounding vaguely Asian, is a wholly American creation. It was founded by Paul Fleming (in Scottsdale, actually) with SOMEone with some Asian influence to spice it up a bit, named Philip Chiang. (They literally cut out the poor bastard's "i" so that it would "fit on the signs better," or, as I like to believe, not scare away the flyover-states-white-folk so.) It's highly Americanized (and yes, I've had Chinese food in China, but I've also enjoyed great "American Chinese" food here) to the point of regrettable blandness and it is SO VERY EXPENSIVE you may find your credit score taking a ding after eating a plate of "wok charred beef", listed as one of the saltiest foods in America.The decoration is clumsy and their famous inclusion of terra cotta warriors are literally symbols of death. From Jennifer 8 Lee's Fortune Cookie Chronicles:'But not everyone finds the terra-cotta warriors charming. "Chinese people would never put that in a restuarant," Jim told me, pointing at the statues. "It's not lucky. It's something you put at a burial site! But in America, they think it's a Chinese thing." From a Chinese perspective, P.F. Changs is decorated with death.'Which is just fine, because everything there tastes like death anyway.
FrUT9VYLb7WvaVdCwT86ew	WSHQ9qpL39g5xA3E5iBCmw	5	2	As a frequent traveler into Scottsdale, I was looking for something new and different to celebrate with a young up and coming professional baseball player---who happens to be my nephew. We were forewarned this place had no prices on their online menu and appeared to be owned by Mastro's which consistently has excellent food. Michael Dominick opened Dominick's Lincoln Avenue Prime Steakhouse last fall after baseball season in the small, but excellent Scottsdale Quarter. (I'll admit to frequenting this Nike store in travels to Phoenix.) The ambiance is that of an elegant steakhouse. The rooms are dark with huge crystal chandeliers. Very opulent without being ostentatious!. We both ordered the bone-in filet which is an excellent aged prime cut. Supposedly, according to our very professional server, this cut is about 16 oz with a bone yielding about a 14 oz serving. My limit on steak is typical 6-8 ounces and I ate my entire meal, making me think (1) This place really is THAT GOOD, and (2) I doubt this is more than a 10 oz serving. We started with a warm assortment of breads and in deference to my guest, we minimized the veggie's ordered. (I'll go back during baseball season :-) ) After ordering a glass of of the extensive, but reasonably priced wine list, we looked at dinner entree. The steaks come with a choice of rubs and sauces. The house rub was described as "cajun-style, but not overwhelming". My theory is sauces on steaks are useful for poor cuts of meat, but take away from great cuts; hence, I went no sauce. The result was an incredibly great dinner of Bone-in filets ordered medium rare, no sauce and a loaded mashed potato side. (This side comes pre-prepared or you can ask for ramikans of cheese, chives, bacon and sour cream and build as you like at the table. We finished with a scoop of ice cream and a cappuccino for desert. Excellent steak spot and a welcome high-end addition to the Scottsdale food scene.One comment: The "Branding" of the restaurant is confusing. Either call it "Dominick's" or "Lincoln Avenue", but not both. This actually caused confusion in trying to locate this spot and diminishes the feng shui and brand loyalty you'd want to keep and associate. (Qualifier: I'm not a branding expert and this is strictly my opinion.) I would love to see Mastro's try a southwest cuisine spot!
0bC_8ixSQJaqRl9wChUfPQ	0Gu2cpJ5x9ZZfDDHohBY_A	4	6	I worked here when I was 20 and I couldnt fully appreciate what they have to offer.Its unfortunate I didnt take advantage of my 30% employee discount, but I was poor since I worked there. I really enjoy this place now, the dining room tables are the best buy ever! I was shopping fore like 5 months for a table with bench seats instead of chairs. Then I remembered how many Cost Plus had.I went in and they have 4 different kinds for 199.00I dont know if you have been bench shopping lately but I find them ion the price range of 700-1200.I liked a lot of the tables but they didnt match my style so got a table somewhere else and bought the benches here. They also have walkers shortbread cookies on sale all the time. Ok the ingredients on that: Butter, sugar, flour, saltSooo GooodBut yeah great buys on tables, but they have midget couches.They are for like a childrens playroom.
8PMmN9gi7sLs0Z9U86Pq3g	lem7XGgKM5a4pAgop2mQqw	4	2	Tacos and enchilada today. Good flavor & fresh salsa. Fast service and very friendly staff today (even though they were understaffed). You will enjoy Rudys lf you have never been.  Authentic AZ mexican food.
GYz9O3nJuGt70IBlUlXZiw	SMpL3z4FLF07bRA6-y22JQ	4	1	we to the amazing Thai bistro on a Friday night. the food was great. i had gluten free seafood curry. very spicy. we had a large party and they were very accommodating. we sat at the bar waiting for our friends and some how they handed out free shots! bonus for my friends that drink. i will be going back and enjoying this great place! they do have a gluten free!!!!
UQIbBk5GVgSZwjWl6vwyFw	24V8QQWO6VaVggHdxjQQ_A	4	0	Pleasant restaurant with a variety of rooms. Farm fresh food is always better than frozen. Great place to relax and talk with your table mate.
tMCpkH6WAINsWfqZwb8Tlg	cIAd1K3INw6se9MX7Usi7A	4	1	I tried out Corleone's today for lunch and I could not believe the size of the lunch. For the money it was a great value. I thought the bread was a little soggy but it was good.  The place was crowed but the guy working was working hard. I would definitely go again.
vJStEy9x9YOwI9oeCxzT0Q	enbTOcl7WNgsjsAtmhvDRA	4	3	Let me preface this review by saying that for the past 2 years I have lived in Boston, which has some decent Chinese restaurants, great food, but rude/curt/abrupt service. I had learned to keep my head down, not make eye contact and not ask any questions. Eat as fast as possible and get the hell out before someone starts yelling at you!So understandably my guard was up when I entered Mu Shu Asian Grill. However, complete opposite here. Mr Mu Shu welcomed me to his establishment, asked me if I had ever been here before and took the time to explain the stir fry/salad bar station.I was in the mood for Mu Shu, and a place named Mu Shu must have great Mu Shu, right? Mr MS described to me his version of MS, I heard him say something about a burrito, but I really wasn't paying too much attention as I smugly thought I knew everything there was to know about Mu Shu! Boy was I wrong! When I get it, it's bigger than my forearm. It's packed full of shrimp, veggies and fried rice. Wow, what a great flavour!You've heard of Asian fusion? This is Mexasian!
w6sh4vqLOUKB74wCFaQKCQ	0K634ehk41ZRc4kj3NTAEQ	5	0	We went there yesterday a I enjoyed it. The atmosphere was fantastic, because they had a tv, plus they have a lot of pictures of Man V. Food, when Adam Richman came here. The service is good, because they waited for us to order, and were very patient.   I ordered the Jewish Slider like Adam did, but I didn't take the challenge. 1 order of Jewish SIiders are 3 sliders. The sliders were awesome. The meat was tender and really juicy. The cheese didn't really make a difference, it just added a little flavor, but the bun soft and chewy, and buttery which tasted like pancakes without syrup, and it was fresh. The potato pancakes put the lid on the jar. The potato pancakes aren't just a creative idea, it was very crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside. There are 3 reasons why this isn't a normal slider. Reason number one is the Potato Pancakes, reason number two is the meat isn't a patty, and grinded beef that made that slider interesting. Reason number three is that the cheese is melted. REALLY melted. I will go again, because the sliders are amazing.
TmoJw79_wE9KtxV5dpx_uQ	W7xb2iS4cYL14Yi5LOGSkA	5	1	Bison Witches is a bit religious for me.  The hearth is in Tucson, but they did a good job of transplanting the same food experience to Tempe. Their filling sandwiches offer a sort of primitive bliss with the roughly-cut thick slices of bread - best tip is to go with the half sandwich/half soup (their half is really a whole) - Their chili is the best thing going...
zknUr3i_3-okPe16ewXtJA	jqbrMBRsByyVBm8OoQ9dWA	5	1	Great iced tea. Terrific Roast Beef and mashed potatoes. Love the biscuits. You can't go wrong at Cracker Barrel.
Wy83ICVrJnvH_PlqA0TCfQ	9YUe5J_cPCBo_mL7-z9HCQ	2	1	Margaritas were good, tacos were fair (small), guacamole was wonderful. after ten it gets really loud here. They need to have tequila flights.
aODCfMLUBcm6ROzybl-9vw	YQvg0JCGRFUkb6reMMf3Iw	4	0	I went to La Boca two night in a row, Sunday/Monday, when I had to be in Tempe.  The first night our party of six were enjoying our pizzas when I casually mentioned that we'd ordered one pizza without mushrooms and some had found their way unto it.  Within a a couple of minutes the manager was at our table with an apology and an offer to comp a couple of deserts.  Geez, it was just an errant mushroom!  In fact, the pizza here is very good and they clearly go the extra mile in trying to accommodate their customers.I was please enough to return the next night with my wife and share a Margarita pizza (which is very good).  Wanting something sweet to finish off our meal, we opted for the chocolate mousse.  While it may not have been the ultimate dessert it was quite good and we enjoyed several bites before deciding we'd had enough to satisfy without adding unnecessarily to our growing waistlines.  Seeing we'd only eaten a bit, the waitress comped the dessert.  We explained we'd been happy with the mousse and were just full but she took it off the bill just the same.  Now, there are a lot of choices where to eat and a whole lot of pizza joints, but for my money a little extra courtesy goes a long way.  Couple that with good food and reasonable prices and La Bocca is sure to see more of me.
l9TvJWbvlSXgTychPzX7Yw	DVYTS0ZLO-3ClAhMd99VYA	4	1	Is it worth the trip for a Chirico and Egg sandwich from Chaka Chaka, heck yes!!!!
U73hI3TqgLEzZ_h0NJKI0A	Bc4DoKgrKCtCuN-0O5He3A	4	1	being a rather simpleton, i like my salads with lettuce, tomato, and oil and vinegar...my fish simply baked...my veggies raw....the ice cream here was very tasty. full of fancy flavors and bits-o-ingredients. but i guess if you want plain ice cream, you go to the supermarket and buy a gallon of store brand. we were cruising the greenbelt at night and saw their sign for "voted best ice cream" by the new times, so we decided to hit this place up. it's super cute and modern, but what's so great about this place is the staff. our "server" was completely into the concept of "artisan" ice cream (only in scottsdale can a word like artisan be applied to ice cream...it's not simply "homemade"). she was super passionate and lively and gregarious, which i really like...because i know she's serving a product she enjoys herself and also wants others to enjoy. i had the peach cobbler one and my girl had the basil sorbet. both were very delicious, but at over 6 bucks for 2 small cups, we'll probably have to save our dollars for the supermarket next time. if you have the cash to spare for a snack/dessert, check this place out.
7jjswzK5bVu19AjlxTx4bQ	Dim6R6ki5Z_05bk_V1htbQ	1	1	I got on the internet and looked at the menu and called in the order. I informed Brother's that I had a $3 coupon also and would pick up the perpperoni pizza and sampler and they said it would be 20 minutes.  At the register I was charged $12.95 for the $8.95 sampler.  I told the cashier that the internet menu had it listed for $8.95.  She just smiled and said "Oh, we get that a lot but we don't have a menu."  I said, "but it's on the internet with your address/web page"  and she said, "yeh, I know we get that a lot but here's our menu"  and she handed me their copy-machine menu which did not even have the sampler listed.  I politely told her that they should take the menu off the internet if it's not right.  The sampler was 4 pieces each of wings, mushrooms, cheese sticks, zuchinni.  The sampler was just like frozen generic small pieces "out-of-the-freezer-bag" deep fried.   I live near and our family had hoped to make this our weekly outing for pizza; however, I'll go elsewhere for better food and prices.  I also don't like false advertising.  A customer's frustration should be a business owner's learning opportunity to make their business better.  They can learn a lot from their customers.
dnZElD-j2kg6U6vNlJLzPA	yJMLD-6AggZNdC-GonVBsA	5	0	Awesome awesome awesome!!! Our table all ordered a 5 course tasting  and it was amazing!! The flavors pop in your mouth!! Very creative chef. I don't think there was one course we were disappointed in. By the end of the 3 hour dinner we had a total of 21 courses. Each one full of flavor making you want more. The staff was excellent, always there when you need them but not hovering. I would definitely go again. Pricey but so worth it!!
zQ7t9tYGRJJbEIj8jdU7Vw	EGiGWZp_zSqdeftiFQ7MbA	5	2	If there was a Cantina Laredo in my home (Los Angeles) I would dine here regularly despite the multitude and variety of Mexican dining options.      Needless to say, when I'm in Scottsdale, I often find myself drawn to Cantina Laredo.  From the moment you're in, to the moment you're out, Cantina Laredo takes excellent care of your tastebuds.  The chips are salsa aren't filler but a real treat.  Their homemade salsas are worthy of bringing in your own jars to export back home -- some of my favorite salsa anywhere.  I believe they have three different kinds.  Their tequila options are wonderful allowing for creative margaritas or a fine neat glass of 100% pure agave goodness.  (I promise to never use that phrase again, sorry Readers.)The entrees aren't just your common taco/burrito fare.  Using juicy meats, creative homemade sauces, and interesting pairings, Cantina Laredo professes its love for Mexican food and culture -- reminding diners how lovable these things are.The decor and various areas are all quite nice as well.  An excellent complement to what always proves to be an excellent meal._C$
BeP1fTHC5MYKbULtJSMpug	E28ht8IEiO6FZbKktSo0Xw	1	1	I can't even believe I actually went to this restaurant.  My feeling was that if the Tommy Bahama clothing and its wearers were any indication of the dining experience, it was going to be unoriginal and in poor taste.  Alas my friend wanted to go there was his birthday lunch so....  Let me be clear that I'm not a food snob at all.  Just last week I enjoyed a lunch of Nachos Bell Grande and a bean and cheese burrito at Taco Bell very, very much.  That was far superior to this lunch at Tommy Bahama. The decor was comfortable and breezy.  Everything else  - not so much.  1st it's nice that they bring you bread and butter, but a sweetly flavored butter?  Why mess with the pure goodness of butter?  The glass of lemonade I ordered was sickeningly sweet, and I am a notorious for my sweet tooth.  It was undrinkable until I cut it with water.  The coconut shrimp also had an overly sweet sauce.  So much so that we could each only eat 1 of 6 shrimp.  I got the crab bisque which was crazy salty, and in my opinion, contained previously frozen hence rubbery crab meat.  As it was my friend's birthday, they brought him a complimentary dessert.  Very nice. He got the newest one which was some sort of chocolate/caramel-filled cake with oreo crust, chocolate mousse topping, sprinkled with crushed Heath bar.  Sounds good, right?  Vile, absolutely vile.  Overly sweet except for the oreo crust that was saturated in butter.  On an update note - it was not the nasty sweet butter they serve with the bread though.    My final issue was with our young, highly attentive server.  He was very sweet and well-intentioned.  However I feel that every server in the world needs to stop speaking to customers in the collective.  Don't say "are we enjoying our coconut shrimp?" or "are we ready for dessert?"  Unless I've badly misinterpreted our relationship, "we" aren't doing anything together. Just a pet peeve -  I still tipped him 22% and kept my mouth shut about this odd little quirk.  oh and the bill for coconut shrimp appy, quesadilla, cup of crab bisque, lemonade and glass of white wine?  $52.  for lunch.  Tommy Bahama and I just didn't work out at all.
y4rwrjev_v-8KNPWE1enUQ	1M4oczf2lmkdgbrJ3J7OqA	4	0	My husband and i went here for our 2nd wedding anniversary..We wanted to goto some place that was romantic, quiet and served gr8 food & drinks...We were so glad we came to Chritophers..The food & drinks are expenesive but you get what you pay for...The food was gr8..We ordered escagort ( snails ) , seafood and a duck dish...Tasted really good and so did the wine..I will recommend this place for special occassions..You will not be disappointed !!
_DMaf7C5vIT0xXCGKsLRDg	sb4wU69LkCtC6Axqcd34WQ	3	1	Came to Blanco Tacos during Restaurant Week 2009. The guacamole they served with the chips was so yummy! The flan was also delicious. I will come back just to eat the flan! The scene was pretty cool. Fun people watching environment.
fBkhISo4CsyCuHOswKjpZg	n4mfUCDXHsg0GH50HzJpug	2	0	waitress wasn't good with service.mongolian beef dish sucks.fish is just ok.rock bottom is usually pretty good, but this one in scottsdale is not that great.
5gvYyhnZfXGV4sG6v0B98w	VXIkI9_EbDbYHeO9IzKjJg	5	0	I love the Ranch Market!  The atmosphere is great, the produce prices are very reasonable, and the civiche is excellent! I never go down the center isles, as they appear to be filled with typical grocery store packaged foods  What makes Ranch Market special are the fantastic offerings all around the center isles.  Here is my advice:  First, make your way to the fresca bar to get a fresh fruit drink, it's just past the bakery at the front door.  After you pick up your favorite fruit drink head over to the grill for some carne asada street tacos, but only order two because you'll want to save room for the seafood bar where you will find a deliciouso shrimp ceviche at a very reasonably price.  I usually order a half pound of the regular shrimp civiche and a half pound of the civiche ensalda; eat a little at the bar on a tostada and take the rest home for lunch the next day.  Yummy!  After you have filled your belly with the tasty carne asada and civiche, stop by the tortilla factory to get some fresh tortillas to go and don't forget to hit up the bakery for hot cream filled churro for desert.
4VIFaT_UzgvQ1CICcHBxWA	HhNY3X0kyrN5682La6N6Cg	3	1	Not a big fan of the Boba Tea House by Lee Lee. I like their decor, very hip. However, their milk tea mix was not that great. It felt like basic sugared water. I've had better ones over in Lollicup or Quickly in LA. It's a pretty busy location as it is next to Lee Lee's, but unfortunately they definitely aren't quite there yet with the competition.
UcnkWyPd2MmLSjtmk-W0Kw	6oRAC4uyJCsJl1X0WZpVSA	4	2	Go for the food and you won't be disappointed, great middle eastern dishes served up nice and generously whether you get it to go or for dining in.  I went here and ate in and there was initially no one in the restaurant but me and then it quickly filled up with people. So I know that this is a neighborhood spot. The gyros and tzatziki sauce are very good but so is the hummus, falafel, kibbi and shwarma.
Yk1qYlKFKyNFZaPDZ2ov3A	WNy1uzcmm_UHmTyR--o5IA	5	10	Wow... i don't think I've ever been in a more narrow place.. ever! but it was just perfect in ever way!!! They have tables along one side and a bar with tall stools along the other side... you can watch them make your food.... its like the food network... but live and you can smell it :) my coworker and i sat right in front of the oven... every time they would open the oven i would only get hungrier!! :) we could see all the fresh and yummy ingredients!! i had the Reuben (Pastrami, corned beef, homemade sauerkraut and Swiss with a side of 1000 island dressing) WOW... it was amazing... for their sauerkraut they use red cabbage... it was more sweet than bitter... and the crust of the pasty was flaky and buttery... so delicious!! and i honestly forgot how much i love corned beef! over all it was very rich... but great to share.... My Coworker had the Italian.. (pepperoni, salami, ham, mozzarella, basil, tomatoes and marinara sauce) it looked great... he loved it... you could see the fresh basil and tomatoes... it smelled divine we didn't speak for a full 20 minutes... just barley loud enough mmmmmmmms and o-m-g this is amazing... said quietly to ourselves.... all of the employees were so outgoing and laid back at the same time... just really cool guys... i loved the atmosphere and the attitudes that filled this place... i cannot wait to come back!
4HGEigB9foiXvaC5ggUsYg	ntN85eu27C04nwyPa8IHtw	4	0	I was in phoenix on business and im allways looking for some good eats , I found this place with the help of yelp and food network app on my i phone . I originally planned on getting the waffle that everyone raved about , but ended up getting the Special Andouille sausage scramble ( spicy!) but very good . Hash Browns were good and i also liked the sour dough toast . When i go back im definatly gonna try the waffle Be ready to wait for a seat , it doesnt seem very big . Singles get seated faster because they have counter style seating
uQGpCZ7D5NgFbYDzWXzYaw	oxsCvEkQNNIbOPDt_QK_0A	3	2	If you're heading to a show at the Scottsdale Center For The Performing Arts, this is your best convenient bet for dinner (if you like Indian food).  It's average but can probably satisfy your curry craving.
5ey8y2ozI-0JepcPgq59PA	DDnmNTvIIQu2t3WZ2EQx-w	5	0	LOVE LOVE LOVE this place! Had the buttermilk fried chicken with the mashed sweet potatoes and asparagus and it is to die for. Comfort food for sure. Not too crazy about their brunch menu because you must order off of that and not the regular menu. Their guacamole and warm chips are also a yummy must! This is a great place to take out of town guests because there is nothing like it anywhere else.
Np4PFQm2vpE-YmJwS25jcg	Zx8_4zKdDBSO3qGrkukBIA	4	1	My wife and I had visited this restaurant a few days ago with my father in law.  He is in from Chicago and watched a show on this place.  At his insistance we traveled there and ate lunch.I have to say I was pleasantly surprised.  The food was amazing as was the staff.  The location left a little to be desired but hey, some of the best places are in the most odd locations.One thing that separated them from the rest was the ability to try the food before you buy it.  Let them know you are new and they will gladly let you try samples of there main dishes.Overall a great time and great food!
hAMC__CBKQ_hEBwCHM3yxA	rbeBreN9KOWipTUQsmiQ9g	5	1	Absolutely sensational food.  We had the evening buffett. I will be driving 40min one way to eat here again.  Wow I just really enjoyed my meal.
7Ps9NObKdJpnTQXL9JqvGQ	T35GMi7R4XtJ84W0Y_nDAg	4	6	How can I not show yelp love for the original fro yo shop that kept my addiction fulfilled in the early days of the fro yo phenomenon? Yes, that is what Golden Spoon is to me. When I first moved to Phoenix from college, I was coming from an area that was overloaded with frozen yogurt shops for the college girls who shared my love of the frozen treat. Unfortunately, Phoenix hadn't quite yet jumped on the bandwagon and so the only choice was Golden Spoon. To make matters worse, the only locations were north on Shea or South in Awatukee. So, since I was living in Old Town, the Shea location was typically my choice. I can say that I added several miles on my car very willingly to treat my taste buds to Golden Spoon. Yes, it was the closest shop to me but it's also creamy and completely delicious. The frozen yogurt is served by staff and comes in different sizes. You can choose from multiple toppings and it's just your "old fashioned" frozen yogurt shop. I'm using old fashioned very loosely in this sense, since frozen yogurt is anything but old fashioned, but with the self-serf trend, Golden Spoon is "old fashioned" compared to that. I don't visit Golden Spoon as often as I'd like anymore because it is still a bit of a drive, but anytime I'm in the area, I know just exactly where to stop for a sweet frozen treat!
RZz-6NxFntEwlbNlg5OD2w	7LGjM8HKJTwqfYU3C7N_0w	5	0	I eat here frequently as I stay at the adjoining Hilton when I'm in town, and the breakfast vouchers are generous. The steak and eggs ($15) features a good cut of meat (I think it's a flank steak), 2 eggs anyway you want them, with corn salsa and toast and potatoes. The servers are always amenable to allowing me to change out the sides for lots of fruit. I love the mustard available at the table, the fact that they have Chilulah hot sauce on hand, and will bring out some salsa at no extra cost. The staff are pretty attentive.  I call ahead to avoid having to wait in the breakfast rush. I have also had an omelet which was substantial in size and quite tasty, with unlimited ingredients for about $12.
sYr1di9nrjJ516O3AMz9LQ	Zy2vca7i9QFGRKa4m0C__A	5	0	I love this PHO and spring rolls, and for the friendly and fast service plus it's cheap! Oh it's truly a must try place.
QJ0KJ1pIieCdeyMPdKWbww	OFBJtqWGSx6n6CchtVmoRw	3	0	My wife raved about Delux. She said this was the best burger she's had in the area. I finally went with her and by no means was overwhelmed. The burger was fine, but not the BEST I've ever had. The burger was not much better than something you might get at Chilis, Red Robin Cheeburger, Cheeburger etc (my opinion). I think I actually would prefer a burger from these places over Delux.Maybe my expectations for this place and burger were set too high and I was disappointed with the final product.Pros:The sweet potato fries and dipping sauce was very good. The service was excellent.Cons:Limited seating and basically rubbing shoulders with the person next to you because you are packed in so tight. T the lighting in the bathroom is very dark. I'm shocked techno wasn't being played when I walked in. I didn't like the trendy nightclub feel of this place.
sekntwm3twVFifAPNBbJPQ	53YGfwmbW73JhFiemNeyzQ	2	0	Had dinner there the other day. Again - I love the design and atmosphere. Service was good but the food... not worth the $$$ they are asking for. Starting with the kids option - I ordered the pasta with marinara sauce which the server told me will have short noodles for easy pick up by a small toddler, it was made of long wide noddle, even after cutting it was not fit for a child. I ordered the grilled cheese which was okay, really not tasty as it should be. My friend and I shared the rock shrimp which was awful, tasteless and the shrimp was not cleaned through so we had some crunchy sand like experience. Then we shared the corn flat bread which looked and tasted like airport food. We decided to leave and got our check - for what we got paying that much was a big disappointment. They didn't even take the kid pasta dish off... $5 people... really? I will not go back unless it is for drinks only. The two stars rating is for design, location and an okay service. Food deserve ONE.
VSvsXXdJZkyQ8pbUJtrUbw	L_MtTn4IUBTmQtqqM2iFqA	4	1	Possibly the best Pho soup I have ever had! I can't believe I ate the whole thing! Well...yes I can, actually. What clinched it for me was that I ordered it To Go, which is almost never a good idea when it comes to the pho (do not attempt to assemble at your desk! I repeat! Do NOT assemble at your desk!). But everything was securely packaged and well-presented. Plenty of everything (noodles, meat, herbs, sauce, jalapenos, etc) and oh so tasty. I've got my sights set on the BBQ Pork & Rice noodle bowls for my next visit, which will be soon. Go get your pho on!
LBXlcAhRuEQOUzKczTWxRQ	nDHyino_t7O94ZzRHGUApw	4	2	If I had a higher salary, I would shop here. I love this store, however the only reason I come here is if I am looking for something you can't get at a large grocery chain like a Fry's Marketplace.They have a great wine selection, fine imported cheeses and the pastry counter makes your mouth water. When they are having a sale on steak I always buy it here.
kU396jnL_0P7bT9vxIjU3A	UCjtaUCtJPbTUouHtQURvQ	3	0	I created a monster when I brought my family to Chipotle for the first time many years ago. I am constantly taking one for "the team" when I am dragged here by my wife and one of my sons. I usually get the carnitas tacos with the salsa that has the little tomatoes, onions and cilantro. I even pony up an extra $1.80 for the guacamole. I just wish there was the option of adding tomatoes to your taco without the onions and cilantro. How can you eat a taco without tomatoes and guacamole?
QjsNRYFSkHnrdcXaE3pjeQ	UexMw8s7B1J-RtFOQtCCsQ	3	1	After a movie at AMC, my mom, dad, aunt & I decided to have an early dinner here. I have been here a few times in the past but it's been a good 3-4 years since my last visit. I forgot that they have paper on the table so you can doodle on it. That's always fun. Our server was Dan & he was really friendly.For starters we ordered the calamari, by we I mean my mom because she orders calamari whenever we go out. It was good & so was the dipping sauce. Their rosemary bread is tasty too, especially with a lil olive oil. My dad ordered red wine (not sure which 1) & I ordered the ultimate leaning bellini. Dad enjoyed his wine, had 3 glasses & I loved my cocktail, so yummy! For our entrees: my aunt-shrimp portifino, dad-aged beef tenderloin spiedini, mom-originally wanted lasagna but they were out for the next hour, ugh, so she settled for chicken scaloppine & myself-lobster ravioli. My aunt loved hers, dad liked his, mom didn't care for hers & kept eating off of our plates & I liked mine as well. Not sure how authentic their Italian is, but hey we overall enjoyed our dinner & would definitely return!
c_PmezFGd_VxXwM6978q4g	CKjcewWeWvdJ7TzOQbZOIw	5	0	That's Amore is awesome! I'm glad to see that a nice, clean and friendly local place is being supported and recognized. It deserves the five star ratings- the gelato tastes fresh and you really experience all of the flavor. It's a nice place to ride your bike to and get a refreshing treat when it gets hot.
niOH6LV3MNRAnr-mJqLldw	l6EcX0blOzMqHWSdTHXLLg	2	1	Not impressed. Tried them for the first time ordering takeout. Quick delivery, but the pizza and garlic knots were not cooked completely. Raw dough was not very appetizing.  I called the manager to let them know, he offered to give me credit, but a better solution would have been to cook another pizza and deliver it again.  Not sure if we'll order from them again.
tsjCK9HICs11H11L-tLqVg	yA9gOueRPoQ4-Y8Xdu8k3Q	3	1	No bad for a chain.
_8ZzhuKAe4_qS8VbrfZYXg	uVbt9dOe6qJgBBI4_XsXRA	5	1	Great food and service. It will only be for special occasion for us because its pricey, but it is worth it. They made us feel special.
aCwCu9dHcYDjnuddrIRTbw	LfKPiwth-lGmCKTxlDoV9g	4	2	Fantabulous! That's the best way I can describe the food here.I really wanted to get a photo of my dish, because it was a work of art, despite just being pasta et al piled onto a plate. Unfortunately, between my hunger and the amazing aroma wafting off the plate, the camera never made it out. This dish, by the way, was the strozzapreti. I could go on about how wonderful it was, but I'll spare the reader. Oh, there were also the Zucca chips. I nearly bit the waiter's hand off when he tried to remove the scraps.In truth, I would love to give this place 5 stars. The food, without a doubt, warrants that rating. However, the place was pretentious to the point that it was palpable. The acoustics of the restaurant made for a very loud experience. Oh and the server was actually a bit too attentive. She was great, very nice, on top of everything... but just a little too much.Overall I'd like to go again and try out some more of what they have to offer! (And of course, have more zucca chips...)
nQR1nzL_kjk5wrREOC_X4w	DRuE7KNz8vGR1_X1h9fiSA	3	0	I like frozen stuff. Ice cream, frozen bananas, mountaintop snow, icebergs, glaciers, frozen caveman lawyers - all good.A friend introduced me to Golden Spoon this afternoon. What a great treat! They have convenient little portions for the sensible and great big portions for the more gluttonous. It tastes great, costs little, and really hits the spot.
-8UWqon-jBdys6wMRsh8vA	hGQsnkndreW7b26XC2HVRA	4	1	In my opinion, Zipps is the king of the local sports bars.  They've got decent bar food, great beer specials on Sundays, and I've always had attentive, friendly service.  What more do you want?
2d0Cyzu3Ol36mgNXQGyTKw	8dEJ_o0UgGrNX1ejHcuZjA	2	1	Not bad food, combined with so so service. I tried the firebird chicken pasta and i have had better at chilies. I also don't drink soda so i ordered a lemonaid and since it was made at the bar  (non-alcoholic) they were 4 bucks each. it sounds like im cheap but 4 dollars for some sugar, water, and lemon? then 4 dollars for a second one? ok. the place was nice and huge on the inside, if i was taking a client out i would go there for the appearance but for my son, wife, and myself i think next time ill pass.
KETr5UiBNvFX9xSxX5aHqw	XHr5mXFgobOHoxbPJxmYdg	5	2	I read about Scramble on line so I thought I would go there for brunch and I loved it!! The Santa Fe eggs Benedict are amazing! The staff is friendly and the ambiance is incredible. I would highly recommend this place to anyone!!!
TD0AUwaxILhgrK37MduxQg	yc5AH9H71xJidA_J2mChLA	2	3	We planned a happy hour here this past Fri night.  I had heard good things so I was really looking forward to some fun with good friends and good beer.  Unfortunately, I was drastically disappointed.  The service was absolutely terrible.  The question of "What do you have on tap?" should not be a difficult one to answer.  Our server didnt feel like answering and instead pointed to the menus with attitude as if we were making her night miserable.  Strike One.Our group quickly turned from 4 to 8.  When we turned to our server to assist us in relocating to a larger table, she told us we could look around if we wanted to, but she didnt think it was possible to accomodate a party of 8.  We asked about the upstairs and she told us there was a private party and no room.   A friend of mine went up anyways, to see a perfectly open table with 8 lovely chairs.  He asked the private party, which was paying the check and getting ready to leave, if they minded we sit at the other table.  Of course, they didnt care at all and we moved ourselves.Strike Two.Despite the bad attitude and completely unaccomodating service, we managed to rack up quite a bill between all of us.  I waited tables for four years and consider it a given with such a large party and hefty bill to offer separate checks.  Before we could even ask, the SINGLE check was dropped with 18% Gratuity added to it.       Stike Three.The food was average at best.  I've had better Potato Skins at TGI Fridays.  Its a shame, because this place is a $5 cab ride from my home and I really wanted to like it.  I will make the drive to Rula Bula over this place any day.
T5DdmVBSCqenlU2i85B8UA	P5uC-zfGG6yqoQDUyqyAvg	3	0	I use to LOVE Kazimierz so I am trying to be fair in giving it 3 stars.  Most of my experiences have been 4 stars but the last two visits here have been a 1 or 2 star so...Kazimierz is a hidden, fantastic wine bar in Scottsdale, which use to be very intimate and was a great spot to cozy up to a date.  Lately though they have been packing people in to this awesome bar which has so much potential.  It's elbow to elbow now, with pretty bad service but still a great wine selection.  I'll still come here whenever I'm visiting the area because I have a soft spot for it, and I am hoping it returns back to the awesome, secret cozy wine get away it use to be, and I know in the area, there isn't really any other spot, no matter how bad the service, that compares to it.
8yfOlQGxQlCgQL9TnnzQkw	PwtYeGu-19v9bU4nbP9UbA	5	2	Unfortunately Out of Business.
dxXCzzobAXTS3XAazirJcQ	vIDQO_9Ytf10vEndDOih8Q	2	0	had the bulkogi mini plate. very cheap at $5, but it's not really bulkogi - more like a thin steak with very sweet barbecue sauce - and the rice was too sticky. the lone bright spot of the meal was probably the potato-mac salad.
UBbKOItU5xQPv3GCR1om1g	YkFBelUWinftlweJzuiIAw	5	0	Tried a little if everything.  The bars are worth the drive across town unbelievably good.  The bars have a moist short bread crust, it is absolutely addictive.  The strawberry cupcake was perfection.  Cookies were very good but the bars and cup cakes stole the show.  Thank heavens it is not closer to home :)
X4cEQgYfVUF96fheEgzSDQ	zOCdVUKUN3b-obT67Qjyww	5	1	This place makes me want to learn German every time i go.I would get my Polka clothes out any day of the week.Great food, great prices, great atmosphere.The fall months are great to sit outside and enjoy the weather to a Brat sampler.  LOVE IT!
KSCvWJ6HWuOkxubMh4G1aw	WJ5mq4EiWYAA4Vif0xDfdg	4	0	Great city atmosphere with lots of bright open windows looking out at Central Avenue.  Nice place to relax as the world rushes by outside.  Comfortable seating areas and great beverage assortment.  Danielle Librera's baked goods are the stars here as far as i'm concerned, i went in at 7 am one morning and was delighted to see the entire front counter filled with her creations (scones, muffins, fruit tarts, quiche, cookies and still warm from the oven coffeecake).  It was like a bakery buffet, danielle is right there baking away behind a corner of the counter on most mornings.  I often go to Lola in the evenings (they close at 7 most nights, so sad) and by that time of day there are only a few cookies left, so obviously the regulars are tuned into the best time of day to get the baked goodies.  A guy in front of me on my 7 am visit scooped up half a warm coffeecake to deliver home to some lucky partner/roommate.  The morning we visited, the 7-8 am hour was peaceful and calm, a great waking up time.  It was nice to see an assortment of dads and their young 5-7 year old sons come thru the door and spend time hanging out together at the start of the day.  At 8 am the business commuter crowd started arriving in full force and the place got a whole lot more buzz from all of the conversations going on.  Great location approx 1/2 block south of the Central/Camelback light rail stop.  Definitely worth a visit!
U93-ihU3kKeQzJLy75TpGQ	JokKtdXU7zXHcr20Lrk29A	5	0	Unfortunately I don't get enough chances to come here but, I'd say I have been here about a dozen times and each time I have never been let down.  The beer is great, the food is great, especially their french fries and the crowd is OK.  Yes it is in Tempe and you're stuck with all the ASU kids but I like to come here in the summer time or when ASU is on break because it is the locals that are here.  It is not the nicest brewery that I have ever been to, but what they lack in aesthetics they make up for in beer.  A must go to place if you're in the Tempe area!
Xh30S1PXth2UZjiNOTwQ3g	aRkYtXfmEKYG-eTDf_qUsw	5	3	I'm a regular at Lux. Haven't reviewed it out of sheer laziness. And it's usually laziness that brings me here: when I have a major thingie to get done by Day B but I spent all of Day A at the office surfing the Internet instead of working on it, I pay the price with an all-nighter, which I like to start at Lux. (Damn them for not being open past 10). This is usually the story when anyone spots me here. I'll grab a small table for myself, plug in my laptop (free wifi), spread out my papers everywhere, then go up to the counter for a large and extremely delicious Velvet Latte. When it's done right, there's a perfect swirl of white cream that forms the shape of a leaf on the surface of the caramel-colored coffee. Mmm.Since I am ADD I take frequent breaks of course. Like every 3 minutes. Whenever I hear a strange piece of music I really like that I've never heard before (this happens often), I strain to catch part of the lyrics, stick it into Google, find the name of the band, stick it into iTunes and download it. I'm not making that up. Like half my music collection was created through this method. The last few bands I downloaded tracks from are... let me open up my iTunes... Kasabian, Feist, and the Detroit Cobras. I'm not even remotely hip enough to have heard of those before on my own.
YZrcLUxlEBeuU5Mb6ofV8w	xMK01ZbVUYLLoyqoeWAIVw	4	0	had a wonderful experience here from first drink to last bite. Atmosphere has a nice chic upscale feel to it and the lighting is nice and cozy. We waited in the nice bar while we waited for our table. The orange martini they have is just heaven. After a few of those down the hatch i tried a "keg" size glass of wine and was great as well. This is def a steak joint, so about 90% is all about steaks but there are some salads, fish and crab options. (they are also having a lobster special right now). Lover had the prime rib and crab combo and loved it( they are apparently really known for their prime rib) i went with the crab off course and did not disappoint. The staff was very nice and very patient and i noticed that just about everyone that works here is good looking also. just a pretty place filled with pretty people and good food!
Rb3i9xejEgBT77nVutnqoA	uR2aNW75R4oYs9w7aw-_kQ	5	1	I am for out of town and came here to celebrate my Birthday and it was a blast. The food was delicious and our Tepenyaki chef Robert was hilarious and very on point. This place is definitely a must when going to Scottsdale. I do go to Arizona a lot and will definitely be back soon.
kAg3gEwre_q8KB4xJH4CRw	9pGs5hcA-13x5o97XcMt_g	5	1	I love their menu!  The garlic mashed potatoes-amazing!  Steak-melts in  your mouth!  Service - great!  Big fan of Applebee's!
vJ6Y-zvhpYgQU_F5DxPbcA	HMUvbAHRnbAczNrYy8e5MA	5	0	Yes, it is probably as good as it gets for a SANDWICH place. Very tasty. All 3 of us liked our different sandwiches. I also ordered pasta salad but it really was not any good, but it does not matter as i did not come there for a pasta salad. Real good besides that.
M-0GTZ6TtO5ejNiX44me2g	GRFunGSUZxXqNCZJrN8Oow	4	0	Very fun atmosphere and really good tasting food. Portions were large but not overwhelming so. Banana walnut pancakes were fragrant, tasty, light, and just the right balance between salty and sweet. Eggs Benedict was also very very good.  Definitely a place to frequent often as long as you don't mind a line, counter ordering, and finding a place to sit without a hostess.
XuXVGu-vAt3SUcbYxiEWiA	R8VwdLyvsp9iybNqRvm94g	3	3	I still really love coming to LGO...especially to relax on their patio with some good food and good drink. I love that LGO sells Framboise and I love the hectic and busy atmosphere. HOWEVER, the time has come for me to drop a star. I am a regular fixture at LGO and lately have noticed that they seem to be running out of some of my favorite items on a regular basis. For example, the MJ Cookie...it is one of the few items that makes my mouth water at just the thought of it. It's like a brownie and cookie rolled into one. So heavenly. Unfortunately, LGO has been out of the MJ Cookie 4 out of my last 5 visits. And these visits are at all different times of the day/week. I know they get busy and I know a restaurant can run out, but it seems to happen so frequently and every time it's a big, BIG let down. And sadly, the cookie is not the only item that they run out of regularly. Lately, I've had a hard time finding the pre-made salads that I like too.My other issue just occurred and I cannot seem to pull myself out of the depression that it has caused. They no longer serve the green chile mac and cheese! Seriously. When I stopped in recently for lunch, I was so disappointed that this has been removed from the menu that I thought about walking out. I know that seems like a silly reaction to macaroni and cheese, but their green chile mac and cheese was by far one of the best items I found on their menu. Their sandwiches are tasty, but almost impossible to hold together. Their pizzas have great fresh ingredients, but always seem to be lacking something. And now this...no more mac and cheese. And they're always out of MJ cookies! It is a sad sad day at LGO. =(
eKgzpZGRMGVHVD1FdB18jw	EeQlS9VLlfWT25-MeYsJTg	4	0	My family was on the west side of town yesterday and since we don't know that area quite as well we wanted to try a restaurant that had a track record, as we didn't want to take a chance on a local-owned shop.I certainly wasn't disappointed. The restaurant is clean, as were the restrooms, and I loved the island theme - it give the place a coastal feel, which is nice if you live in Arizona!I had some kind  of combo burrito that was good sized and gulped down every bite. I was in the restroom when my wife ordered for me, so couldn't comment on the friendliness of the staff.
3La41DKKqkiKi9D5AQc81A	wH9WtaTlrRawH_IpK90RPg	1	1	I will never go back to this establishment because all of the bouncers and wait staff are unfriendly, unprofessional and disrespectful.
9gziD5EgGr_kaVpjaJSgCA	8Hn5X1AqgmSLHRG2KgBJBg	5	0	I think my fellow Oreganymphos would agree; this is single handedly one of the greatest places on earth to gorge yourself with some of the most delicious pizza, pastas and desserts AZ has to offer. If you wanna take my word for it, dont even look at the menu and order my usual orgasmic order:Appetizer: CalimariDinner: Big Rig Pasta w/ Chicken Dessert: White Chocolate Chip Macadamian Nut PazookieFYI: Whenever your taste buds feel like going on a culinary roadtrip, make sure you hit up any of the various Oregano's locations located around the state; my personal favs are the Flagstaff and Tucson locations.
BKAV9e4amTl7t2kd5vENSg	fON48rwmABedlUu0DWVEiA	4	2	This by far has to be the best Filiberto's location. I have been to the Phoenix, Tempe, Chandler, Prescott, Mesa, Gilbert, Tucson and Casa Grande locations. -Clean salsa bar with chunky and smooth salsa options.-Free chips, most places will charge you for a small order.-Gold Peak green tea!-Smoothies and juices-Video games, tv's and free wifi-Fruit filled churros The tortillas are fresh and the place was actually clean, shocking. For what it is, this is a good location to stop by at if you are in the mood for this type of mexican food.
vOUAEFEgHsCrMoilDU5X7A	azBHKHqif0NXO3xcALo5VQ	3	3	I finally tried Spicy Pickle last week. I like the name and was intrigued about their menu. Paninis, soups, salads, pizzetas, nothing out of the ordinary. I had a half sandwich ( Sausalito Bandido?), half salad combo( Spinach salad). Food was fresh and good. The sandwich could have stand a little more meat, it was truly flat. The salad was crisp and dressing was on the side, which I appreciated.  On my way out I got a chocolate chip cookie that was OK. I love cookies and they have to be pretty bad for me not to like them. This one, I kid you not, must have had maybe 3-4 chocolate chips? So if you're craving chocolate, this is not the cookie for you.
aDzPkWD2l5g_OlrWxUb65g	asebFFgabg_lfoNpGJHZlQ	2	2	Best in Phoenix???  I hope not. Now, don't get me wrong. What I had was pretty good but that's about it,..."pretty good". Here's what I tasted and thought:Pulled Pork : Tasty. Sauce was OK (not fab.), Meat was of good quality and was cooked appropriately.Pulled (sliced) Beef  : Meh., Meat had been a good cut but was dried out and a bit tough, Again the sauce was just OK. Beef Ribs : Tasty , Large & Meaty, Sauce was again... OK.Mac. & Cheese : Most disappointing item of the meal!, Tasted like Kraft out 'o the box. Greens : This was the best part of my meal, Cooked appropriately and spiced very well.Banana Pudding - Ick!!, It was partially frozen and watery, The cookies were a soggy & watery mush.First refill on the sweet tea was .80 cents and then you have to buy a new cup if you want more!!  What the.....?!?!?!? We're already paying a premium for everything and you're going to gouge us on drink refills??Honestly..... there's absolutely no reason for me to go back. I don't know if this place USED to have outstanding Q, and is now just serving this mediocre stuff and rakin' in the dough, or what.Pretty disappointing and I wasn't even the one paying!!!
09Pf-RkN8Xh0dc7vLly2pw	6lcay-E_ssmzpGanKbColg	4	0	There is nothing quite like Persian food;  it is complex, delicious and sometimes like nothing you've ever tasted.   Apart from dad's kitchen and sit-down places in Tempe and Scottsdale, there are limited places to find it in the Valley.  Do yourself a favor and don't order a gyro;  you can find one anywhere.  Order one of the daily specials at their crazy cheap prices for Persian food and enjoy!  I've had nearly all of them and they rock!  These dishes take all day to make; believe me I know and you can taste why.  And do not miss the saffron ice cream with rose water and pistachios.
xVt7R-T_317Xi8WUCbgUsQ	QQ-lSbz4ARm1MQA5z8-nAw	4	5	Dear Weather & Coffee,I'm really sorry you had to close.  We had a lot of good times together.  Every time I came in, you always seemed really happy to see me... even though you knew me by the wrong name.  I may be Kelly to everyone else, but I'll always be Aubrey to you.
_yXQDvpgEdn6wheL09yfOA	MuIXnv7Oq7X3-4aEsp9dDA	3	3	This place was just 'eh' to me!  I was just whelmed, not over or under!  The service at the bar leaves little to be desired!  I am not sure what it is about Scottsdale restaurants thinking they have to be snobby to people.  We ordered drinks from an un-friendly bartender and then waited another 20 minutes to even be acknowledged again!  The food was ok!  The bf had the berrimundi which he liked but wasn't wild about the side it came with.  I had the meatloaf, which was good.  The gravy and mashed potatoes had a great creamy flavor.  My sister had the lamb burger with fries that were cold and not very tasteful.  There is not much on the wine list either.I probably would not come back here because I dont think it was worth the hour wait for the crappy service at the bar.  I would rather venture down the road to Olive and Ivy.
-hqEQUxefQSjHMcMpqIHHg	2ceeU8e3nZjaPfGmLwh4kg	4	1	I finally went here, after reading the reviews and pouting about how busy I was with work and how it is hard to find someone to be my Designated Driver, since Arizona is way more strict than NJ when it comes to people drinking and driving.  So, I finally arrived at Casey Moore's last night and was impressed.  This is an upgraded Irish pub/bar with a great beer selection, yummy yummy yummy crab cakes, and a cozy atmosphere.  It was Thursday night in which they have a special on Kiltlifter (sp?) and I was pretty excited.  The music was not that good.  I wish that they would have a DJ there on busy THursday nights.  That would really enhance the atmosphere and probably their people traffic as well.I vote for a DJ on Thursday nights, heck, I have amazing music, I could just be the DJ.I will be back very soon to try their oysters and some of the other seafood dishes and of course more beer on tap.Seriously, you need a DJ on Thursday nights.
nXYrr7wiLpm7_C5ySBjoTw	OE5nAmaSVaopeRS1Cs9Kuw	5	1	Consistent offerings of service, food, atmosphere and drinks is what makes this franchise successful. No matter whether I've been to Fogo in DC, Baltimore or here in Scottsdale, I get the same gut-busting food and well-made drinks in a place where I could either wear a suit and tie or jeans and a t-shirt.A specific note on this particular location- there were a lot of families with small children on this particular Friday night. No judging, but I've never seen that at any other Fogo. Fogo back east is really "date night" or the kind of place to pre-game for a bachelor party or a business dinner, but not to bring infants and toddlers. Possibly a by-product of its location on Scottsdale Road in a strip mall near a few hotels. IMHO, this is not the place to bring kids, but I respect the rights of anyone to do so. If I was traveling w/ kids in tow and I didn't have a Fogo in my city, it'd be hard to pass up. In any regard, it did not bother me in the least. I was too wrapped up in my company and the food and those drinks. You will easily spend over $75 per person here including tip, so prepare to camp out, eat slowly, enjoy your meal and be treated like royalty.The house special sirloin will make you rethink how to prepare sirloin at home, it's that good. Don't fill up on salad at the salad bar- you can do that at Olive Garden- but do enjoy the cheeses, mushrooms, vegetables and cold cuts which raise the salad bar. Did you see what I just did there?Nice wine selections here. Ask for a Brazilian red to enjoy with your meal if you have the coin.
lwtZkNLdOKmCtJOYNui0QQ	nBrD6TxddhHx4FhMk32JvQ	3	0	Chicago style hot dog?!  Sign me up!  I just moved here from Chicago, and I've been dreaming of Portillo's since I left.  Where am I going to find something even close to that in AZ?!  I was hoping this would be it.  The hot dog wasn't that bad.  The fries on the other hand, weren't so good.  My husband ordered a beef with hot peppers (giardiniera), and they were far from hot...almost tasted pickled.  And the sandwich?  TINY!!!  It was like a 4" beef sandwich!  I didn't taste it, but he said that it just tasted like a roast beef sammy...not the Chicago beef that we are used to.  One of these days we'll find a decent "Chicago-style" restaurant out here in AZ.
-lpKpakzDQ0ecnkx0X9R4A	amIKbXtk8TCoySw_xBjFKg	2	3	Concept is great.  Stores are cool, but expensive.  Lunch was a bummer!  Ordered chicken salad sandwich and the tiny sandwich on a great roll with the tiniest amount of chicken salad was disappointing.  For that money I expected at least a regular sized sandwich.  Glad we tried it, but won't eat there again.
KFDHF6MHippK_SP9TI0bxQ	IM-9thHqQbBK5tX5MfTzBQ	4	1	We moved here from Northern NJ where a NY style deli is worshiped right along with any big religion yet in our last few years there, all the great NY style delis by us were closing in rapid succession.  Going into NYC just wasn't an option each time I wanted some half sours and a knish.   It took moving to Scottsdale, AZ to find a solution - go figure.The gigantic menu you'd expect, pretty good bagels, great breads, not to mention the grilled cheese/Jewish sliders/patty melt/kosher dog with kraut/knish/fresh chips/potato salad/macaroni salad - all are awesome.  I did not care for the Reuben I tried, however, I am crazy picky about corned beef and I realize that a true NY deli serves the meat a little fatty so that's my hangup.  Husband had an omelet today that could have fed 4 people - he loved it. If you are going to Chompies with someone and it is their first time, force them to look at the menu online first or you will be filling up on half sours for some time as they decide.Great service, efficient but not pushy.
5lVXHeAoMhQqpqq9gQxFWg	7_7fxuG9ESAFmx-AiMsJHg	2	7	I've been back a few times since the last review but the most notable was to see DJ Z-Trip. He was awesome, no complaints there.Bar Smith though? They failed on so many levels. I got there sometime between 10:30 and 11:00 and there was about a 20 minute wait out front. Not the end of the world or anything but after finally getting in, there was a sea of bodies and another very long wait. About 50 people were lined up by the stair case waiting to get upstairs. There was a bouncer not allowing anyone up there until people would slowly trickle out. Why they put Z-Trip on the patio, I don't know. It's the size of a shoe box and was clearly to capacity before 11 PM. FAIL FAIL FAIL FAIL FAIL!! I was in various lines roughly 50 minutes and still hadn't made it upstairs. Forget about stepping out of line to get a drink because you'd lose your place. The short of it is I paid for pre sale tickets, managed to get there at a decent time, and still had to wait close to an hour just to get in the same room as the guy. It was a total let down. At that point I was so ready to just walk out and ask for my money back. They clearly oversold the event and didn't give much thought about their patrons who paid money to see this DJ. They were going to fit every last body into that place if it killed them...and everyone else in there. After finally getting upstairs there were so many bodies, no one could move at all. It was a total clusterfuck. I finally made it to the back bar and stood in line for 10 minutes just to find out their card reader broke earlier in the night. Fantastic. No signs saying it was a cash bar, that would have been a nice gesture. Also, the bathrooms were downstairs, so forget about having to pee AT ALL during the 2+ hours you're there. If you had to go, you better hold it, otherwise you'd be waiting in line for another 30 minutes just to get back up. By the time Z-Trip came on, the sound was bass heavy and mildly distorted. I inched my way to various parts of the patio but the sound didn't get any better, so my partner and I said fuck it and went downstairs for the rest of the night. Thankfully they were playing his set downstairs and upstairs. At least people could move more easily downstairs. Plus the sound was better. And the bathrooms were actually accessible. Even at the end of the night, there were people standing in line waiting to get upstairs. Bar Smith gets a huge "F" as far as I'm concerned. I won't be back to this place for any headlining DJ. They obviously don't know how to run an event.
_51nwhuYZBM5HQI0DazosQ	-vHWAsiX0iHWJw-pkqv32Q	4	2	Seriously, their happy hour prices can't be beat.  A beer, a spicy tuna roll, calamari and avocado egg roll for under $20 including tip.  Service was attentive and friendly.  We had to lurk around the bar area for awhile to get a table, but that only speaks to how popular this place is.  If you are looking for an inexpensive dinner out that doesn't involve Denny's or Olive Garden this is a great choice.
2TVbs6123FVz0HCi-iLc7w	JokKtdXU7zXHcr20Lrk29A	2	0	I may make a few enemies in writing this review, and I may even get kicked out of Tempe completely, but seriously, Four Peaks is not the love of my life. Granted, I don't care for beer, so this is more or less a review of the food, atmosphere, and non-beer-like drinks. I have been here a few times with the husband (he loves it here) and I just don't get the hype. The food is bar food. Straight up bar food. I like the outdoor seating much better than indoor. Inside the place feels a little dreary, much like many bars I have encountered. The servers are friendly enough, although sometimes the service is a little slow. I get something different to eat every time, which if you know me, is not a good thing. When I like something, I get it every visit, but here, I am just searching for something - anything - that I like enough to order next time. Sigh. I know I'll be back, and I can't say I dread coming here - I usually have fun. I just feel like there are many places I'd rather spend my money on.
eUm7AAXNuBtYqGIqvEGBpQ	jGldmslgIegQNM5kvb851Q	5	1	My husband and I eat out a lot and we had the best dining experience ever the other night! We sat at the bar with the bartender AJ and he was such a delight! We had happy hour which was probably the best deal in town! 5 dollar glasses of wine and half priced appetizers!?! My favorite was the steamed mussels. We loved it so much we also had dinner. The classic pasta deal was the best. Getting to take one home gives you at least two more meals, the next day. It's hard in this economy to get more bang for your buck but Maggianos they are doing it right! We will defiantly be back for more!
pHQxVgno8JnzsjTY_us-Fw	qiFTZ7aJz-FXt1wz8YigAA	2	2	The only plus to this place was that the bartenders are on their game, otherwise leave it for the Jersey Shore wannabes and slooters that get turned on by extra extra medium Tap Out t-shirts.
htyDdBpf7jQds5NU6veOMA	wNsmt1hF1uv3YvbwXZMAoQ	4	1	My wife and I went here and sat on the patio near the canal. The temperature was perfect for being outside and the view of Camelback was sublime. My only complaint about the seating was it was difficult to read our menus when we were there in the evening.Our waiter was friendly and helpful.The chicken salad sandwich I had was very good and my wife loved the burger she ordered.All in all a very nice and relaxing Sunday evening dinner.
C3F0kLSSEteBvx97qtUrfw	pqkwR2me0LhEZulRcQpOuw	3	0	Good food, but very expensive for a simple breakfast joint ($8-10 for most breakfast items). Also, the menu has very few healthy options...which isn't a problem for me, but is for my wife!  How about putting an egg white omelet on the menu?Seems to be family owned and does have a good atmosphere. But at these prices, I wonder how long it will be around. There were lots of empty tables on a Sunday morning, which has to be the bread and butter of a place like this.
vvBCur_XASLeCeNZesI5sw	1NZLxU5WvB5roPFzneAlLw	4	0	The two things that jettison my brain into a Barrio Cafe daydream are:1)  The Sangrita2)  The Churro dessertIn fact, if this place was called "Barrio Sangrita and Churro Shop", i would still want to run up to the building and give it a big hug.Really, enough has been said here about the food, or atmosphere, or whatevs ... but if they're hoping to leave a legacy in Phoenix, its with these two items.I prefer going to BC for brunch on Sunday.  I enjoy that menu the best.  Oh, and the table side Guac is a nice touch.
rMjOGresCVz2dvJXJl5-MA	-sC66z4SO3tR7nFCjfQwuQ	4	1	I love the feel of this cute restaurant! It was a beautiful day and we decided to sit outside. Their service was very fast and the staff was very attentive. It was lunch time so I expected them to be kind of slow but it was the total opposite. We had the ceviche for an appetizer and it was quite tasty. Also the chips and salsas are so good! I love how spicy their red salsa was! I had the chilaquiles with over medium eggs. Apparently it had pieces of shredded chicken and cheese. It wasnt your traditional chilaquiles but their own spin on the dish witch totally worked! My friend got the narco torta and he said that the egg was too over powering so he just simply took it off his next half lol Overall, I had a good experience and will definitely come again.
TpyFIYraap3rnZj18NbHkw	uR2aNW75R4oYs9w7aw-_kQ	5	1	I am disgruntled by the reviews I have read about Sapporo.  I have a few things to say.1.  I am tired of people complaining about the prices at Sapporo.    When you compare price vs. quality you will always be in a favorable position.  If you cannot afford Sapporo perhaps you shouldn't eat there. I am not trying to sound arrogant, but you truly get what you pay for.   Sapporo consistently prepares the best  sushi I have had in Arizona.2.  I understand wait time may be an issue.  I suggest that you arrive early and anticipate a wait.  Honestly, is thirty minutes on a Friday night going to bother you?  The food is well worth the wait.  3.  Please stop wearing flip-flops and bathing suits.  Perhaps this is the reason you are experiencing "rude" service.  A pair of jeans and a polo is fine.  Sapporo is a Phenomenal restaurant.  In my opinion, Sapporo serves the best Sushi in Arizona.
_37x0HOMHnlKUdhkrrCcTw	dewq6aevfoNFvJBqM7PG5A	4	2	I'm not a coffee snob, but I love a good Americano.  This place has the charm you'd expect from a locally owned coffee shop complete with  eclectic decor, artwork on the walls, odds-and-ends of gaudy lamps and stained-glass windows.  The coffee is pretty good from what I have experienced.  The air-conditioning is right where it needs to be as well. Most important factor for this business:  very nice staff.  That alone makes me want to come by more often.
C4lduID0NZMqzjQuIWlnbw	doEZAj-NSnoEMOJl5yXcNw	5	1	Falafel is outstanding here, dark exterior with green interior, and a nice spicy peppery taste that is satisfying.  Cooked just right too for texture.  Fries are a nice side.  Prices reasonable here, plenty of parking, and a few atypical sodas available in the fridge.  Note that there's just a few seats inside, since this is also a grocery place.  To-go will probably be my main strategy for this great Falafel destination.
Vz5_KiTQtoZO9xU7NqQzvA	1M4oczf2lmkdgbrJ3J7OqA	5	1	When I'm casual but want to feel NYC I go to Christopher's.  We go here for a special occasion dinner or on the fly happy hour...which is the best HH food in town!  Let me repeat that - best in town!!!  Hamburger with truffle fries, brick oven pizza or a perfect salmon salad plus a beer or glass of wine for about $10/person. Can't beat it!  Sitting at the open kitchen makes me appreciate the setup and organization required to run a restaurant as well as the chef's tatts!?  If you dont want the blaring heat of the brick oven, don't sit at the corner next to it...Phoenix is HOT enough in the summer, so cool off and let someone else do the cooking!
n86fus8Fhe-PTold5cQDVA	uVbt9dOe6qJgBBI4_XsXRA	4	2	When dining out, I am a big fan of steak, and great service...Fleming's offers plenty of both.  Having dined at Fleming's on more than one occasion, I can confidently say that they know how to cook a steak to your requested temperature.  At these prices, this should go without saying, but plenty of chophouses still don't meet this criteria.All side dishes are a la carte, and on the large side, so I'd recommend sharing.  The potatoes and vegetables are always great dishes.Mixed drinks are poured well, and not priced too crazy, relative to the entrees.  My staple, a Jack & Coke, was $7.50...I've paid more.  The wine list is extensive if you so choose.Service was excellent, if a bit methodical...could be a bit more personal.Four stars instead of five, because everything is just done well...nothing stands out as above and beyond, especially at this price point.
mdu-pasxgPiT2m5ZqcEk9A	TbaAnzOTX2-boTbAp3e8Qw	3	2	I'd read about this place before (on blogs written by people from Utah) so when I was driving down Baseline and hungry and saw it I decided to try it out.It is set up a lot like Chipotle, however the process of ordering is somehow not quite as clear. Additionally I wasn't sure what went with my meal and what cost extra.That aside the salmon tacos I got were really tasty. I don't think I've had salmon as the fish in fish tacos at a restaurant before and I enjoyed the change.The price seemed a little high, but not so high that I won't visit again if I'm in Gilbert and looking for a quick meal.
9xeE1dlGPjgWaZn0yijfLg	j-_jKQ-5IE4hqQzA-hsApw	4	0	This place has good fast food, it's always clean, and the staff is super nice. SUPER nice. My kids love the play area and it's a lot cleaner than any other fast food play area for sure. We love this place.
V4LSqpWQyiTrJ4nJX4LJpg	wzQAmzQopWcfoCG8lfiE_w	2	0	I stopped in for a quick lunch and I wasn't impressed at all.  I heard that the food was good but I've had better subs almost anywhere.  They have very limited toppings.  I wish I had gone to Mr. Goodcents down the street much better quality subs.
0QXFyiXyCFUdD0wm7ingtg	gAwoeSYoyVjp5rcwnaTz2w	5	5	As much of a sweet tooth that i have (dark decadent chocolate is my weakness)..Toffee was never my thing ,never on my mind ..And then i sampled Goodytwo's toffee ..wowzer !Sweet and salty toffee is regoddamndiculously good ..seriously good !They have a toffee topped popcorn ..these gals are killing me ..oh ,oh the twozels sinfully delish magical pretzel mix with kettle corn ,nuts and chocolate .Listen ,you can't put a price on happiness ,ha ha Everyone i love is getting their stockings stuffed with a box of salty-sweet love from Goodytwo's.Nothing more delicious or sexy ,ya sexy then a salty sweet combo ..it is a heavenly pairing ..Goodytwo's has perfected this,worth every penny !Rock on ladies !
FeqOzQnZqa9t7zQOi0nJCA	kJ2aJFIJIK_Hnr8aj043kw	4	0	I'm on a Outback kick.  I can't help it.  We ended up here one evening by chance and I love their steak and loaded mashed potato.  The service is good, the food is good, it's not too crowded.  Like I say, I'm on a kick.
mPfQyadgoANUGLjtfwT9YA	JokKtdXU7zXHcr20Lrk29A	5	1	I came here on the opening night when someone from Gin Blossoms played on a makeshift stage, the beers were 25 cents and there was no food (but you know me, we ordered a pizza from a neighborhood pizza place.) Since then, they have added a full kitchen and the food is amazing (chicken strips that were designed for diners who appreciate tempura-like batter and are over the age of four), the beer is astounding (one word: Kolsch...makes me swoon) and the people are great. It's worth the walk wherever you end up finding a space to park--even better, ride your bike over like we do! The Sunday brunch is great. All of my friends sit and wish they had a student loan that would enable them to spend at least half of the day drinking here daily. I don't blame them.
6V69RcsiXe5dkq82y6oeXA	FX5mDx1QR31IoCZznjJJ5w	3	3	The classic example of why we need half stars.  Doesn't merit a four star endorsement but slightly better than the three star Meh.  The hot dogs are decent but you'd expect more due to the pedigree of the owners.  The place also doesn't feel well put together and like it's been neglected in recent times.
YyV0513rpYMXETvciIXfkQ	coXomDOValXzks6BwMHG1A	3	1	I think the Living Room is fine! Like another reviewer said, it's nothing particularly exciting or mind blowing, but it is a nice neighborhood restaurant that has solid food. I like some of their bruschetta options more than Postinos. I do agree that the music is too loud! The atmosphere is more ambient and I wish the music was commensurate with that. I always forget my server's name but he is very nice and helpful - no complaints there!
0UwHyz54cumPuLtoNDAD3A	B8ujMtvvpHyEQ2r_QlAT2w	4	4	When I think of Richardson's, I feel warm and cozy inside.  I've been on several occasions and I love the atmosphere... I always have a good time at this hidden little gem of the city.The 'Cuisine of New Mexico' is unique... they are known for their green chile potato as well as several other pork dishes.  I usually go for the fish or seafood specials... they have a standard menu and then specials posted on chalk boards around the restaurant.Most recently I enjoyed the blackened scallop appetizer as my entree along with a huge house salad.  The scallops were a little bit salty but cooked just right.  They were served on a tortilla with rice, beans, and a yummy spicy sauce.  Their salads are really tasty, and many of the entree specials come with a starter salad.  I went with a group of 4 and we had a couple of bottles of wine and a plain pizza as an appetizer to share.  Needless to say, none of us had room for dessert!Be prepared for a crowd whenever you go, but enjoy your company and the people around you.  Call ahead and make a reservation if you can...  if you do have to wait, sit at the bar or by the fireplace; you can't complain once you have a drink in hand and the scent of the fire mixed with hot food and good energy.  I'll be back again soon, Richardson's!
j2G9iV9c8uBC0Y5I6ykhvw	KTF-E3NfkJy2wiwcgOPyVQ	4	0	Great place for all your favorite kinds of Asian food.  Wonderful service...it's a big place and they were busy, but since someone in our group was in a hurry to get to a flight they still managed to hurry things along.  Overall good food and huge portions.  The Happy Hour specials are great, too, so be sure to come during that time.
FnkNSPLmrj2aqdEXqX-Cqg	Cz0McL5lUaihqOIw0_Yo7w	1	1	One word to describe Over Easy: disappointing. It would've been an OK breakfast place if it wasn't for all the hype. I've been trying to visit this place since I found out it was on Diners, Drive-ins and Dives, so when I saw the deal on Doozy of a Deal, I purchased it right away. I made my own omelette with chicken, garlic, and spinach. The chicken was overcooked and the omelette and my hash browns were terribly greasy. My cousin ordered The Wolfpack and was also disappointed with her meal. It just didn't seem up to par with a place that was on Food Network.The icing on the cake was the Over Easy Ice, their iced coffee. They could've given me a cup of water and cardamom and it wouldn't have tasted any different. We couldn't wait to get to the car to get some gum, to get the taste out of our mouths and even that didn't help. After reading other people's reviews, it looks like they hardly had any caradmom; so looks like Over Easy needs to figure out a way to uniformly make their coffee.Sorry Over Easy, you were quite disappointing.
vXmlEVvfdxTdIFmmQ5cCPQ	sDXINrHrs8phlkzkwQNiBQ	3	0	A bit slow for an airport setting and the staff were blaming each other for an order gone wrong for the customer in front of me...tacky.
pivgUkTYRnQsadoomaatcw	wl51t6lT7leiX64SlkOx6g	4	1	This is the go-to place for me and and a few of my co-workers.  Why? Because it's somewhat healthy (one of my co-workers is vegetarian and they have a lot of vegan offerings) and we all love the food here.  Not everything is perfect, but the meat is always very well cooked and lean, they sometimes use too much garlic (but I like garlic) but the portions are healthy sized, and you don't have regret later for eating badly.  The gyros here are great btw.
1H8fvMopPcKmNihI2QnjvQ	ObnZiF99lqggVasgyGBtVA	1	0	I've been here 3 times.  The first was fair, so I gave it another shot, second time fair again, third time (kyoto was closed soooo....) let me start by saying, I've been in the service industry for awhile.  I know the difference between good and bad service.  If they had been busy this would be one thing, but there was us and a few people at the bar.  NEVER HAVE I WANTED TO THROW MY BURGER AT SOMEONE AS MUCH AS OUR SERVER.  The server was an idiot and the food was ALL burnt... medium burgers are not CHARRED on the outside and RAW on the inside.  Steamed veggies are not CHARBROILED asparagus... everything was so horrible.  We didn't complain, but we did ask about the charcoal that was our veggies....  Which we were given a crappy attitude in response.  We weren't even looking for it to be taken off our bill, just a recognition that the food was TOTALLY burned and half our orders were wrong. BTW there was no offer made either to fix anything...  in times like these SERVICE SERVICE SERVICE AND QUALITY / CONSISTENCY will get you through.   if you don't know what a good meal is and you want to think you're cool cause you hang out in a place that looks like it was furnished by IKEA, you should try it.  There are better places to spend hard earned money.
fbL2z1wk-_fChGy2T35zNg	Hd6Kh_BcorPhCWVn6pMu4Q	3	1	I think Zipps is alright. I fully remember this being the only decent restaurant near where I lived in North Scottsdale, so it was this or nothing.Food here is good, though they messed up my order and put sour cream on it...ew. But that's a common error, whatever.I'm not really a fan of sports, and it was loud in here, (which is to be expected), so that's not particularly my taste. However, I found it to be staffed with friendly people, which brings it from 2 to 3 stars in my book.
rWkM4DYhNIQJAhfabD7_qQ	iDga4CEpgHTaS4VEQ0fQTw	4	0	Pretty good. Oxtail was awesome. Plantains were just like I remembered them in the Carribbeans. The jerk chicken was okay... Needs a little more heat. Beef patty good (I'd eat it again). The workers were outstandingly nice.
eST39HnrZsFukdXIOreGww	dcd3C1gWv-vVdQ9XYV8Ubw	4	15	I'm a huge fan of Grimaldi's Pizza.  The Better Half and I stopped in here for dinner and we had a huge appetite.....which is dangerous in a Pizza joint for me.I ordered:Caprese Salad - $7Personal Sized Pizza ($9) with:Sundried Tomatoes - $4Red Peppers - $4Ricotta Cheese - $2Mushrooms - $2Jalapenos - $2http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mz48xdVWcCu463U3Lm7lhA?select=DZ7xu0LF2IIg2_dI1c_CrAThe Better Half ordered a personal sized Pizza ($9) with:Pepperoni - $2Mushrooms - $2Feta Cheese - $2Basil - $2http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mz48xdVWcCu463U3Lm7lhA?select=1PaOTe8Ys9uJUP3u4DjHiQYeah, all toppings are al la carte here....so it's not cheap.  The Pizza was awesome!  I enjoyed every bite.  The combination of the sweet taste of Sun Dried Tomatoes combined with the spicy kick of Jalapenos mixed in with Ricotta, Mushrooms, and Red Peppers hit the spot!http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mz48xdVWcCu463U3Lm7lhA?select=l4mZAt7mXpslp4LqexFy5gThe Better Half enjoyed her Pizza too.  Since I'm on my no Meat diet, I took her word for it....as much as I was tempted to give it a try, I resisted....maybe next time.To wash it down, she had 2 glasses of Brazin Zinfandel $8 ea, I had 2 O'douls $4 ea.  All in, the dinner was $72 before tip.Overall, it was a nice dinner.  I finished my food, she took home 1/2 of her Pizza.Return Factor - 100%
wOKT8hx_C9nmXrYgABYVnw	k76odRRsXPErPzB0gjn-3g	5	0	I thought this place was outstanding! The staff was awesome, the food was excellent, overall appearance of restaurant was nice!
85470uspsJ5u6Qq5rHMytA	BD74uSwDe175zEqfppDRvg	4	3	I finally tried out Valle Luna on Sunday.  I must say that the food is authentic and one of the better Mexican restaurants in the Valley.  The salsa and chips are homemade and simply tasty.  I had the fish tacos that were fried and came with cabbage and soft shells - delicious.The waitress that served me was attentive.  I must say that the seating did take a while and I was one of two people in line, hence no five star here.  The portions were decent, the tacos could have had more fish in them.Overall I am pleased with the restaurant and you will be too.
g1vOR0-ys2f_csvkk7evgA	pfTwzep_4hRTX_jXoi38cw	4	6	Me and my sis were greeted with a pleasant smile and I like the whole $5 part with the coke and fries. I dont really enjoy drinking soda but I'll take it anyway especially if its fruity, they have all the old school pop in cans Shasta and RC I should learn to take more pics but this place is cramped inside and I may be claustrophobic. I had the portabello mushroom burger see pic it had rice and all this other stuff that just kinda fell out all over the place it was super messy but pretty tasty. The fries are soggy which ordinarily we wouldnt eat but they were really good we couldnt stop eating them. We sat on the back patio and got checked on by I am assuming was the owner she asked how we liked it, was way nice I love the friendliness of the place we left hekka full and happy! Next time we go we will probably just share an order of fries though.
qqsrGLV53Ccib6l0sp6XOw	yVQiGdxmnrkJDyQXv2maNA	4	7	I've been a Da Vang devotee for years and wanted to try a new Vietnamese place tonight and Pho Thanh didn't fall short. In fact, I think I might like this place a little better than Da Vang, but I'll rotate between the two since they're both so good.First off, the portions are gigantic! The Bun bowl could easily serve two and I had tons of leftovers for lunch tomorrow. They use the fat rice noodles instead of the vermicelli, but I think it made the dish a little heartier and certainly easier to eat with chopsticks.Hubby had the Pho and the broth was amazing! Savory, a little salty, and the spices were perfect. Perfect to warm your bones on a rainy day.The restaurant was more of a cafe style than family sit down, but exceptionally clean and the service was great. There was quite a diverse crowd in there for a Sunday night and everyone's dishes looked fantastic.
WEAnCtYW4DN4rdh_yiQm1g	8H1DwdAAgSBtwDeb2R-hmA	4	0	there is one problem with bagel nosh: it's not close enough to tempe! went there on a sunday a little before closing-the bagel selection was sparse but they offered to get us any kind of bagel we wanted. the garlic,feta, and dill cream cheese was amazing and the breakfast sandwich looked hella yummy! went to get a refill on our way out and the owner offered a free large glass of iced tea since they were about to close. the service was great andi might have to make the trip out there very soon!
8w_Rje56c4KaCPL2HgHkBQ	Y-9dJvw-J2d9QKfuL7mKgA	1	8	Can someone please tell me why people go here???Went to breakfast with Deb L, and she had a Living Social deal or one of those deal thingies. The place was packed, probably because it's a holiday week.That doesn't excuse the EXTREMELY poor service. We sat down and waited. And waited. Servers walked by every few moments, nobody stopped to fill our water glasses or take our order. Finally, we both said something to a girl who walked by. She seems mystified that there was a job to do. With that many people working, getting a cup of coffee shouldn't take 15 minutes. Yes. 15 freaking minutes.Food? Mediocre at best. I got the traditional eggs benedict with home fries. The only saving grace with the amount of ham on it. The English muffin didn't seem to be toasted. The eggs were *ok* but nothing great. The home fries? My 9-year old niece could do a better job. My burps right now aren't even good enough to brag about.I'm sure if the service had been better, I wouldn't be so miserable right now. My food coma isn't satisfying. I will *never* go here again. Ever. I felt stupid leaving a tip, it was THAT bad. Total. Fail. Blech.
os80wX-Dms7AYlnyGsY4vg	kS0EzDlPx_Mdm_qNHU2gdQ	5	1	Holy crap is this place good.  With the gazillion milkshake flavors to choose from, I had vanilla....... kinda anti-climatic I know. Next time though.  The burgers were huge with 20 some odd topings to choose from. I had onions and pickles...... I know, another let down. Next time I sware.  Also the onion rings are tops here. Fries looked good too.The decore is a nice 50's diner type with very friendly staff.  Outdoor seating is nice when it's not hot out and it's very close to the theatre which makes it the perfect stop before seeing Mama Mia........ J/K on that one. Saw Batman.
ZlqtUST4KfrOTrH0jcKbQQ	mjoxSQR7bFQtlIIjfNfaSQ	5	0	I love this place. Food is ALWAYS fresh, cook correct and service is great. Not to mention their lunch specials!!! My husband and I always spend less than 20 bucks and get full and satisfied EVERYTIME!!!!
ZzfRdoxVm9d5iH1bpmtzgQ	bgTB6MgdVQssXhkNJ7qIfw	2	2	Well, let me start off with a look of confusion at the exceedingly rave reviews of this dining establishment. (Raised left eyebrow, and a smirk, but you already knew that)So, initial impressions: Seemed like a confused ambience. Kind of clubish, with a little hubristic haze. The music was the only positive part, reminding me of HGTV's 'Selling New York.'The waitstaff seemed somewhat confused, as we had 2 waiters at one point, but the bussers were top notch!We were also sad to hear that the "Happy hour" menu was only in the bar.Now to the food: The menu and the prices associated gave me a bad feeling right quick. I am too used to excellent sushi, at fair prices, as well as happy hour menus with all the favorites. (Especially dragon rolls! YUMZOID!) We proceeded to order a couple appetizers, and a handful of rolls. None of which were memorable in any positive light: The avocado roll was insipid with a strange clash of textures and flavors. (Soft avocado, and carrot sticks likeyourmompackedinyourbrownbaglunch and a strange dusting of what tasted like bread crumbs...) The spicy tuna had to be the only one that was acceptable, and it was interesting to have chunked tuna vs. the usual frappe. The softshell crab was weak, and the spicy yellow-tail was spicy, but pretty one-note, and not satisfying.  ***Bottom line: We decided to pay our bill, and then go straight to one of our favorite sushi spots to satisfy the sushi craving that we definitely missed out on: HIRO sushi. Man, let me tell you, I threw down a D-backs roll and a Crazy roll, and Hiro sushi was indeed the sushi Hero of the day ;)
4M_KDwTdcQ8Ju-kPKMYu3A	_wrA7CMbMqcWEDCNghi5cg	2	1	I am only reviewing it with 2 stars because my waiter was too busy and I don't think that was his fault.  We showed up and was able to sit right down which is great because when we left there was tons of people waiting.  We had a coupon for joining their mailing list that gave us a free meal with the purchase of another...which is awesome because who eats alone?  They also recently remodeled the interior and it looks pretty good.  My wife ordered the usual broccoli quiche and it was only a little warm.  I usually order the bacon and eggs which is awesome but today I ordered the Florentine Benedict and it was very good.  The food is always great here....when its warm and the service is usually awesome except today, but I wont blame Kevin since he was obviously over-sat.  I hope they get their stuff together because I WILL go back and I know that I WILL be able to write a better review afterward since I have been here 100 times and this was the only poor experience I've ever had.
ejs2WFrw9-lBWAGlpvKP3w	WNy1uzcmm_UHmTyR--o5IA	5	2	I've eaten here twice, and both times enjoyed myself immensely.  First, note that this is the smaller location; the one in Mesa has more tables and space. This one is closer to me, so this is the one I go to, but if you are looking to have a large group, you may wish to go to the Mesa location.   That said, I really like this one. The mood is very raw, because of the small size, even at a table you can see the cooks behind the bar, hear the clatter and clang of the kitchen. That said, you can still have conversations here without issue; you just have a bit of background noise.   The food, though...the food is spectacular. Seriously, look at that menu, look at those pictures. The first time I was there I had the chicken tikka masala pasty. Not as good chicken tikka as a straight up Indian restaurant, of course, but still phenomenal, and the pasty just made it that much better. I also snagged the bananoffee pie. It could easily provide dessert for two people; I ate the whole thing. It was just that good. Not too sweet, very banana-y...   Eat here. It's really that simple.    Also, as a tip, there's a parking lot 'round the back that is usually not full, unlike the one on the front. And, though the address is off of University Drive, the front is really facing Hardy. Threw me a bit the first time I was looking for it.
9sGe3ZfCoTk9DsohmADuAg	XbVqzUHS3c9FhG4lI13c3Q	5	1	i absolutely LOVE maxim and i have eaten there approximately 2 times a week since i learned about the restaurant a year ago.  the atmosphere is pretty awful, but the food is amazing.  i get a #86, which is a noodle, tofu, and vegetable soup (the broth is meat based).  it is comforting and cheap and always improves a bad day.  everyone i have taken there has enjoyed the food as well (though they tend to enjoy the vietnamese dishes more than the chinese ones). highly, highly recommended.
5FUcAzlliTBz5FKLoeyaUA	znmvCpcwxYk_kYCqtUFt5Q	4	0	Delicious kosher food in Scottsdale?  Vegetarian? Awesome!We go to this restaurant regularly.  The food is always great.  The service, as many other yelpers have mentioned, can be excruciatingly slow some times.  I will say that in the last month or so, they have hired some more waiters and those boys are hustlin'.  It's an improvement, but I agree with others who have said this might not be a good choice if you are short on time.I like the Ginger Soy Beef, Veggie Hot Pot, Kung Pao Chicken and so on and so on.  The food is very good, but not super spicy how I like it.  I would recommend this spot for the great food and the improvements in service.
f8RaRBVeiM0dMYLI200SPQ	jB1fFl1eIEPYe5FLpCZ5Jg	5	3	Now open on Saturdays!!!! Yes!!!!!
3-SyHzfbwbVYh77QQ6FLBw	V9i9LnTg9H2XvzqCVBSOXg	2	3	This was my first time visiting Tandoori Times.  After seeing it advertised on Groupon, I thought I'd give it a try.  My friend and I decided to go for lunch to celebrate her birthday.  It was very busy, which was promising.  The waitress was on her second day working there and was unfamiliar with the menu, but she was friendly.  The house salad was mediocre, the entree (Algoo Gobi) was delicious, but the desserts were AWFUL.  The "mango" ice cream was a neon orange and tasted nothing like mango, or any flavor of ice cream Id ever tasted actually (kinda vanilla, kinda puke).  YUCK.  The rice pudding was not worth eating either.  The worst part of the experience was being followed out into the parking lot, after leaving the Groupon and cash tip, to be told that we needed to come speak with management about not ordering at least $40 worth of food!  Really?  I told the waiter that we had spent just over $30, and we obviously didn't expect any cash back from the $40 Groupon.  He said his manager was "fussy" and wouldn't like it.  I basically told him that was too damn bad, and that I wasn't ordering $10 more in food; I was actually kinda saving them $10! He finally figured out what I was saying and left us alone.  I did end up calling the manager though, who was not pleased to hear about our experience with the dumb waiter. I don't foresee returning there.
MExqiQcg4Yfg7HRyjnxskw	Bc4DoKgrKCtCuN-0O5He3A	5	15	When I say a certain food contains ingredients such as blue cheese and bacon, what comes to mind?No, I'm not talking about a salad, I'm talking about an ice cream sundae!Sweet Republic is an awesome little ice cream parlor located in a strip mall in Scottsdale, Arizona. This amazing place makes all their ice creams and sorbets in house. Sweet Republic makes some pretty creative flavors. These are just a few examples of what we sampled:Basil Lime SorbetSalted Butter CaramelApple PieDessert HoneyMaple PecanAlmond ButtercrunchCashew TurtleAll of these flavors were wonderful but there was one more that really got me all hot and bothered, and that was their Honey Blue Cheese. That's right, Blue Cheese ice cream. When I first saw it, I did not know what to think but after my first lick I was hooked. It tasted just like a sweet vanilla / honey ice cream with blue cheese crumbles mixed into it. I know it sounds weird but this ice cream is phenomenal. It was sweet, tangy and somewhat salty, all at the same time. Instead of just enjoying this ice cream alone I decided to make my own blue cheese sundae. They have many toppings to choose from, including bacon brittle. When all was said and done my creation contained two scoops of their Honey Blue Cheese ice cream topped with a salted caramel sauce, bacon brittle and a homemade marshmallow that was toasted with a blow torch. This sundae was exploding with flavor. Every bite was crunchy, salty, sweet, tangy and delicious. My fiancé had a waffle cone sundae that contained Salted Butter Caramel ice cream, Almond Buttercrunch ice cream, salted caramel sauce, brownie bites and a homemade marshmallow. Hers was also amazing.The service and prices here were both great. The girl working the night we visited allowed us to sample as many flavors as we wanted and was really friendly and patient with us. The prices here are similar to  Coldstone's. I'm absolutely in love with Sweet Republic and would seriously make a special trip to Scottsdale just to have their ice cream. I shouldn't be telling you all this, for fear that you all would think I'm a pig but I liked their Honey Blue Cheese ice cream so much that after I finished my sundae I ordered a Honey Blue Cheese milkshake to go. It was so yummy!
0nPmsfz7kK24oNEW8GI_Pg	xs1LHeJy78u-7taSEnQ2Yw	4	0	After moving here a few months ago the search has been on to find a decent sushi place in Phoenix, after all, it's Phoenix.  I don't set my expectation too high because I know how difficult it can be to get fresh sushi here.  I enjoyed Moira because their creations are simple and they don't drown the sushi in sauce like some other American sushi joints.  Sushi is about the rice and the fish.  Both were pretty good here.  The salmon and the white tuna nigiri were fresh tasting and soft and the rice was great as well.  The kamikaze roll was also delicious, but maybe could have used a little more spice.They have the best miso soup I have had since living in Japan.  Very tasty, not watered down or flavorless like most other places.The drinks creations are fun and tasty, I went for the favorite karma.  I like my drinks like a like my women, spicy, sweet, and filled with booze.  Our waitress said she would even be open for a new creation if we gave her some ideas.The service was great and friendly.  We were there on a Friday, but surprised it wasn't loud and bustling.  I can see how it could be at times as it is a little small.  Fun and modern decor, clean place!
3VY7iN1LIqFX_CsM4gHMTg	rDvz5jX65gpfONFu7er9Tw	4	0	I am not a fan of american mexican food, good thing they don't serve that fare here. The taquitos take me back to the streets of tijuana without the risk of "after effects" :)
isxuG_ZeYiYszaEZJxEMmQ	XkNQVTkCEzBrq7OlRHI11Q	1	0	Soggy flavorless pizza served on unwarmed ceramic plate. Carbonara was watery and made with cream instead of eggs. Gnocchi was tough as opposed to light and airy.
kbZaFBKI7GxW1ft1aJS1nA	UmhTiNOKareQDP7D9aAnKw	4	0	Like the other reviewers have said the service is really not that great.  Luckily they're saved the  really good food that they have.  We ordered so much food that our little two top table  couldn't possibly handle it all.  The mussels  might have been the best I've ever had. We also shared a Frito misto, which is really good except they're pretty chintzy with the shrimp they only gave us too.  The pastas were clearly handmade which appreciate and they're quite good. The owner came over to check on us a couple times which I appreciated.  I'm definitely coming back soon.
1XkRFWAtNIMphRIyco_dqw	24V8QQWO6VaVggHdxjQQ_A	5	1	Special. Not on menu. Chicken strawberry raspberry blackberry blueberry goat cheese salad with raspberry vinagerette. This was THE best salad I've ever had, and probably top 5 best meals in my life.
7NToyNVtRIgJOBz5iggR4A	3QtWG5sN3HJNBVKn_wHQEw	4	4	I am really surprised by the previous reviews here. This has been at the airport for many years now.  There is a lot of other places for food, and this is one of the BEST!They have a huge menu, i think and you can even get breakfast.The prices have even gone down. You can get a full meal for under $6.00.That is a screaming deal at Sky Harbor airport. Hard to choose a favorite, but Chicken Delight is really good!! With red or green sause.  Their Salsa is excellent as well. We sometimes get it to go, when through with a trip for our journey home. Hey then you don't have to cook!
5VTL17RelaRxdkjx2wcDaw	sMO71vGV8wkKujOle3-v7g	5	2	I went with my sister 2 days ago. It was my first time eating Famous Dave's. I got a hamburger and got some mac & cheese. They were both okay, I tasted better. Now the hot wings & onion rings were better. the place was packed we sat outside.
BeIBk8REbghmEp2qk2VJ9A	J3VvIU1ZDqg9a9e7zK-QSQ	4	1	I have been going to Top Shelf for almost 30 years.  I grew up eating their shredded beef burritos at the Scottsdale and Shea location which has since closed.  I don't live in Mesa, but any time I have a chance and am in the neighborhood, I stop by the Southern and Dobson location.  The shredded beef has not changed and is probably some of the best shredded beef you will find in AZ.  Their margaritas are tasty and their chips and salsa are amazing.  This is a great place for a tasty Mexican food dinner.
zEnDoQkZcpulTYiDiUqbeA	zp5k6funVelIOVuqdY0mDA	4	0	This is my parent's favorite froyo place, and with a pretty convenient location, we tend to automatically go to Kokomo when we want frozen yogurt. The atmosphere is fun, with a modern vibe and the frozen yogurt is pretty good. While I usually have to taste all the flavors they have (gotta weigh my options!), I tend to only find a few that are above average and worth making it into my cup. They also have the typical toppings you'd expect. Prices are consistent with other local frozen yogurt places.
gS_cpr4aTV5nE-3iyKtnVQ	w19cemjVR8u02PgjFpJ7Mw	5	3	So, I have to admit that I once threw up in the Pita Jungle bathroom, but it was not Pita Jungle's fault - it was definitely something I ate the night before.  It certainly made for a memorable first date experience with my now husband, and we have been back many many times.Oh, how I love Pita Jungle.  I haven't tried anything that I wouldn't have again in a heartbeat - currently I am hooked on the Potato Pizza.  yummy!Their breakfast options are wonderful - definitely try it on a lazy Sunday morning.  There is usually no wait.The ambiance is fantastic, casual and arty, with a little bit of crunchy granola thrown in.A++ for vegetarians and meat-eaters alike.  Eat hummus and pita.  Try falafel.  Try anything on the menu, because it is all good.
ktS-4TF6S5mLLYOyTwDGQg	3Gsex5Dyhnoul9l_914MGQ	4	0	This is good pizza every time I get it.  I've never eaten in so can't comment on the service but when I go to pick it up it's always ready and the cashiers seem friendly enough.
RueAtv9IGLLPoOtTyB4odA	U605aUo9MJn5vgLfP3yYKg	5	3	I've gone back a few times since my last review. Every single experience has been fantastic! The burgers are pretty good, BUT do yourself a favor and get the pork tenderloin OMFG!!! Sooooo freaken amazing! Also their onion rings are pretty much perfect! And the fried cheese curd...just get it! I was a little creeped out eating something called cheese curd, but holy deliciousness!
A0S67C98VAl6ZMXbjBBhDQ	zDfaNgSYLn-TwquB5A6AaA	4	0	Update:   They now have Coors and Miller Lite on draft.  Yay!  They're a real bar again.  I don't know the drama, but apparently the management has been "let go" and the owner is now managing the place.
f7lw_jAAsKQ9aTHbiN1ntA	N_6bV3c3JagKW7sD3X9ldA	4	5	I love this place. I sit in the bar and as one other reviewer noted, there is always someone interesting there to start up a conversation. The burgers are top dawg, the condiment bar allows me to fulfill my jalepeno quota, the wings are perfection, and the drinks are reasonable. When the weather is nice, grab a table outside. The service is a smidge slower, but the courtyard more than makes up for it. If the weather is warm settle in and enjoy whatever game they have playing (if you aren't seeing your team, just ask and they will happily turn at least one set for you).
rWhk6bFrAG2hBOmjUzd13g	A4pL6j3e6JAtblmCUF2GZA	4	1	Yes, I'm a fan this place but it definitely does not deserve a 5 star rating.  First off lets start with the decor.  While it was very nice when it first opened it's now getting a little raggedy looking and could use some updating.  Food wise this buffet is above average and definitely worth a visit.   If I could give them some advice it would be to get rid of  the HUGE salad buffet section or at least scale it way down and put that money into even more entree selections.  I've been coming here ever since they opened and hardly ever see anyone eating off the salad section.  So why spend so much money to have such a huge selection???   Put that money into the entree selection and make this place an even better value.  And for Gods sake bring back the Mayonnaise Shrimp !!  You made one of the best versions I've ever tasted.
k8xCOodVYwingwv5CmUL5w	JhupPnWfNlMJivnWB5druA	4	2	Although a bit pricey (hence the 4 stars), the martinis are GREAT, as is the food (the cobb salad is the best I've ever had).  Good service, cool crowd... can't wait until I can go back, which sadly is not soon enough now that I live in San Diego.
GEvx4rx6BGfB-zUbzIOBLQ	L_MtTn4IUBTmQtqqM2iFqA	3	1	It is my favorite vietnamese restaurant.It's small but clean. Their soups are great. They serve fresh and tasty foods.Portion is not big enough for me though.I wish they serve bigger size meals.
zV0WLn11pgrrHhvLuDDg5g	GRFunGSUZxXqNCZJrN8Oow	5	0	Great pecan apple pancakes!  Superb decaf coffee.  Servers and counter staff are bright and smiling.  Restaurant was clean.  I have already recommended it to another foodie.IF you park in the public lot, just west of the restaurant on 3rd street and eat within 60 minutes, it is free of charge to park.
XhRn7EuKmK9zF_tfcn12ZQ	wNsmt1hF1uv3YvbwXZMAoQ	4	1	I recently tried OHSO. Nice layout and design... modern and casual. Their menu features cheese and charcuterie plates, flatbreads, burgers, and other comfort-style dishes. I had the grilled cheese with a cup of tomato soup. The tomato soup reminded me of pepperoni pizza, which was strange at first but actually pretty good. It was the perfect order for a chilly, rainy day. The 48th Street Fizz (orange vodka, pineapple, lemon, st. germaine, and beer) was sweet, but tasty (love cocktails with carbonation). They have an extensive list of local and regional beers. Overall, it's a nice little neighborhood spot.
9HTnUaoKN2ve0IJ1kbHpeQ	G9LwkTSdKOyOGqd5BbuIkA	2	3	Not good. The patio is top notch for relaxing if the weather's good but I couldn't shake that chain feeling when inside. Table and chairs had a slightly sticky feeling to them (nice, eh?). Food was typical pre-cooked, oven heated dollop of too much grease and cheese. Not impressed. It's a shame cause the garden and even the nachos & salsa had me expecting big things.
3zzn02xUj5BTDXXzKYakkg	UVBPF4oYrb0QfgW_DMbLPg	4	15	Some colleagues invited me for lunch the other day and decided to pick this place.  It was my first visit.  After browsing the menu for a few minutes, I decided to order the California Wrap (Spinach, Tomatoes, Avocado, Feta Cheese, Sun-Dried Tomato Vinaigrette Dressing, Tomato Basil Tortilla, $8.95) with a side of Cole Slaw & Iced Tea.I took one bite out of the California Wrap and was in Heaven!!!  The sweet flavor of Sun-Dried Tomato Vinaigrette Dressing was a perfect compliment to the Feta Cheese & Avocado....the Cole Slaw was amazing too!  What a great combo!The only knock on this experience is that the service was kind of slow.  We had to constantly look for our waiter....to order.....to ask for extra napkins.....to get refills....to get our check.  Maybe we caught him on a bad day?  Because I enjoyed my meal so much, I'll give him the benefit of the doubt.Return Factor - 92%
lgg_dZFZuvV7zcHyw-GT5Q	iJo2rZOjhWevF-OXP-FQgQ	2	0	$8.17 poorer after getting two dry cupcakes with hard frosting. Not sure if this is because I had refrigerated them for a short while until I finished my dinner, but I don't think frosting should make an audible, snapping sound when I sink my teeth into a cupcake. The quality of my cupcakes was comparable to baked goods purchased at regular grocery stores. Very disappointed. I wish the cupcakes reflected the charm and appeal of the storefront and its employees - the young lady behind the counter was very nice and helpful.
-YGJ39pz3szAEAdl6k63qg	eIxSLxzIlfExI6vgAbn2JA	4	2	Boyfriend and I went to try Lobby's after seeing the phenomenal reviews.  He got the famous Italian beef sandwich hot with cheese and I got the little veggie sandwich and an order of the chili cheese fries. He got his in a combo that came with a side of fries and a drink. The owner was there and took our order and he was suuuuuuuper nice.  He was really excited for new people to try his food.  We went and grabbed a table and just as we sat down, a rush of people came in.  There must be a lot of regulars because he was greeting some by name. There must be something to this food for that many loyal customers. Not too long after we got our drinks, the food was ready. I decided to immediately dive into the chili cheese fries. The cheese was like the melty nacho kind (not spicy though) and the chili was actually kind of sweet. I wasn't the biggest fan of the chili. My boyfriend did like it and he doesn't usually like chili. I'd probably just get cheese or plain fries next time.  The little veggie sandwich was so tasty! It was lettuce, tomato and pickles (I didn't want onions) with their house sauce on a sesame seed bun.  I'd love to try a burger next time.The boyfriend did like his sandwich except he didn't know it was going to be "dipped".  He doesn't like his sandwiches dipped, so if he were to get that again, he would request it dry.  The sandwich was hearty (I added a pic) and very filling. He kept stealing my chili cheese fries so I take it he liked those too. It was really bright and clean in there and the owner and the guy making the food were really cool.  I'd definitely come back. We both want to try the burgers next time. Although....the hot dog with all the stuff does look damn tasty too....
vv8F2l1nctRKC4qXNFFtiQ	Y2Lfzulh_D9nNcuH49UT4w	4	1	The place is good- the sushi is fresh and they have pretty awesome fish tanks (love me some puffers) in there.  My only complaint is that the miso soup is a whopping $4!  Is it just me?  Or is that too expensive?  Most sushi places that I frequent have it for about half the price... or it is included in the meal.  Other than that- I'm a fan :)
4KSZBxowbs8digMxaVA0BA	Qd0fyF-wB_1bQwSB34ggkw	5	5	What an awesome sushi place! I highly recommend How do You roll, if you want some sushi done quickly and freshly and without wait. what a novel idea. I want to thank the manager Amanda for taking good care of me, can't wait to come back again!
egbaIr84Iwn2m2aTh4gt_A	sbsFamEj5wDxNAjUKrMcSw	5	2	Love the atmosphere, the patios, drinks and especially the chicken lollipops.  If you haven't tried them, they are buffalo wings with a handy bone to hold on to while you eat.  The sauce with blue cheese dressy is one for the record books!I am also a fan that they serve breakfast 7 days a week and have free wifi.  This is a great place to meet for work or meet after a game.  Not too stuffy, but nice enough that it isn't just labeled a bar.
ao5T4ltc0wvABji5xQsq1A	kr3EFhoSwbJPrL_e_RD39g	4	0	Before a Suns game recently, my Family and I stopped into Blue Hound for some drinks and appetizers.  We attempted to go to Arrogant Butcher (been there many times), but it was packed.  Having heard good things from another family member, we decided to give Blue Hound a try, and I'm glad we did.  The inside decor is trendy and simple.  We sat at the couch by the door (since that was what was available) and were quite comfortable - except for the occasional draft from the door.  Our waitress was ok, she wasn't entirely too friendly, but she took care of our needs.As for the food, we ordered pretty much all the appetizers.  The biggest highlight was the scones with bacon jam.  In fact, it was so good, it's inspired me to make these two things at home to see if I can replicate it.  We also had the popcorn, which was good and the sliders, which were alright.  The pizza with duck was great (could have been crisper) as was the other items we had.Based on the previous reviews it seems this place, being new, might be hit or miss.  I'd say give it a try if you're in the area... why not?  Trust me, it's worth a visit for the cheddar scallion scones with bacon jam!
kxaG8Z1V9hfgGSwXG4JitA	Ew6YfU0XcFGM-S4zncZ5Dg	4	1	I was definitely expressed with their buffet! I had been craving Indian food for quite a while, but since it can be a bit expensive having to order all the dishes separately I was determined to find a place with a lunch buffet nearby to give it a try. I was lucky enough to find this place, which I noticed had fairly good reviews on Yelp. This place is definitely nicer and bigger compared to other Indian buffets I'd been to. It has a wide seating area and nicely arranged tables. The buffet had a great selection and I was able to try new dishes that I'd never tried before. Everything was delicious. Tandoori chicken was dry, but then again I've yet to experience it moist and juicy at a buffet. The garlic Naan bread was soft and warm, SO good! Service was excellent! Server was attentive and polite - my glass of water was never empty. Will definitely be coming back!
nyJBJ5nFK9uaYw6EG1DZBA	fF6m3qsD5blnwuZRuYhzWg	1	0	Just called at 9:45 to ask when they were open until. Woman said they were already closed but website says open until 10 pm. Really?? Obviously don't care about patronage...mexican is a dime a dozen in the new NEW Mexico...no thanks. Next!
oieOEQv7z7r8Y95e9yY8nQ	9YUe5J_cPCBo_mL7-z9HCQ	5	1	I've been a fan of La Bocca for a long time because it served the needs of an underserved demographic on Mill Avenue. Canteen offers many things that La Bocca does...and more. What is that demographic exactly? ...Late twenties, looking for something chic and classy without paying a ridiculous premium for those qualities. Mill has plenty to offer for the ASU kids and the older adults, but for those of us who lie somewhere in between, places like La Bocca and Canteen are just right. Canteen one ups La Bocca, in fact, because there are menu items included in happy hour (50% off most drinks and select food items). Here are the highlights:The margarita. It's a real margarita! (It's not a lime daiquiri masquerading as margarita. Loads of sour mix does not a margarita make.)The chips and salsa. Both fresh and delicious. The pico de gallo is particularly fresh and delicious. The ribs. Sweet and spicy...the level of heat from the habenero is perfect and the meat literally falls right off the bones.The ambiance. It's chic but not pretentious. My friends and I really enjoyed the Latin music. Our suggestion would be to emphasize that music and minimize the clubby stuff (it verges on Scottsdale).To contextualize some of the other yelper's comments. I was glad to hear that one yelper didn't find Canteen suited to his beer and Jaeger shot needs. There's a bar (or ten) down the street for that. For the yelpers that found the portions to be too small, I suspect they didn't understand the Mexican take on tapas that the taco menu is going for (in fact, the whole valley suffers from a lack of tapas locations). Finally, the service complains...my service has been cordial and attentive, even when super-busy. Folks, this place is new, let's let it go through it's growing pains before issuing such harsh judgments that might jeopardize the success of a really wonderful place.
NON-KIh7ta4ujaiZwC_x6w	6Y-6Y6sy6qOQHrWI37zR1Q	3	0	Was in the area for a grad school interview and the BF was craving some red meat. Came here based on yelp reviews, left pretty full, content about the food. Service was friendly enough, but we had some trouble communicating what we wanted. We settled on the kalbi, bulgogi and the ribeye? steak meats, with an order of the tofu soup. Everything was a-okay but I think the only thing that stood out was the ribeye. Normally we like to cook the meat ourselves but since we didnt want to stink on our plane ride back to cali, we decided to let them do it for us. Side dishes were standard with the different pickled veggies, kimchi, potato salad, etc. Waiters were pretty prompt in bringing out replacement side dishes for us.   Since we don't know the area very well, the stars are good service, being open at odd hours (I think we got there at 4pm?) clean restaurant, decent food. -2 stars for small portions and no real wow factor.
h_vf3ggssAtLyYYV-2n_Bw	uKSX1n1RoAzGq4bV8GPHVg	4	1	Decided to roll the dice on a Saturday night and try this place everyone's been raving about. Despite showing up at prime time to a packed house we got a table relatively quickly. The food was delicious and came out promptly. I didn't any problems with the wait staff like others have expressed. The presentation was a little more than expected without feeling pretentious or like I had to keep my elbows off the table; not that I'm a slob.Didn't get a chance to make it upstairs but the main dining and bar areas were well-lit but still cozy and had a simple, modern feel.Good place for a date or toss back a few cold ones with your crew. St. Francis is definitely on my list now.
mWHdv5Y4Fc51kl7gwoidzg	un3KC2gyMrSG6yqjVRctXg	5	2	Loooove this place! Yes it's pricey, but good sushi usually is. The guys making the rolls were friendly. The atmosphere is nice. Hubby absolutely loved the quail eggs and I couldn't get enough of the spicy shrimp roll. Seriously, try it. You won't be disappointed!
AEFlT82TpGqrO4VYjpXr2Q	GavgziItjOIkqqf7zm5w3g	4	0	Second chance at bolero's.After receiving a phone call from one of the managers regarding our visit in April, we decided to try again.  We were told they would make things right and they were very apologetic for the horrible evening we had.  (We were so irritated with the place, we waited 4 months to take him up on the offer)As an aside, we were told we would be comped dinner due to the previous disaster.I called ahead and spoke to Jason, who does not work at Bolero's any longer, but stated that since he was the manager at the time the incident occurred, he would make sure the new manager was aware that they needed to adhere to his promise to make things right.  Was told to call manager Desi, but no one answered.  Proceeded to the restaurant and hoped for the best.  When we got there, as before, we stood at the front desk for between 5 and 10 minutes before anyone came to seat us.  Not a promising start.  Luckily though, that's where the lame service ended.We had Gage as a server and he did a terrific job.  He was attentive, stopped by to fill our drinks often, checked to make sure our food was good, brought things out all at the same time, and was pleasant to deal with.  We started with the cheese plate and it was, as before, good although probably could use some more bread with it as there are a ton of meats and cheeses and 4 small pieces of bread.  As far as the food goes, she had the spinach salad, and I had the reuben with onion rings.  Both dishes were well prepared and tasty.  We asked for a basket of bread, which was brought out with dinner.  The bread was great, but they maybe ought to consider bringing it out early, maybe just asking people if they'd like bread with their meal.  Just a suggestion.Our only other concern as far as the menu goes is that there are not a lot of vegetarian offerings that aren't salad.  Overall, it was a much better experience.  As we said before, Gage did a great job, and even though Jason is no longer the manager there, Dave (who was standing in for Desi, from what we were told) took care of everything.  They put effort into making this experience much better and they did a good job.  We both appreciated it and we'd go back.There it is, an updated review.  Bolero's is in a beautiful location and now we can say the service & food are worth a visit.
y_GcU023D-9OXFXlsA-mcg	zp5k6funVelIOVuqdY0mDA	5	1	So yummy!  I got the low calorie yogurt with all kinds of yummy fruit in it & didn't even feel guilty.  Such a fun place to go with friends or as a nice dessert after dinner. I can't wait to go again!
6wz6dfsRPfQ1EZl2_Gz8Sw	Dka36Pw7ibbHV6xIimQAOg	4	0	Fun Saturday night music venue with good food & beer for only a few $. The music is fun and tunes everyone knows. The 1$ carne asada tacos are straightforward; meat, cilantro, onion, grilled jalepeño - delicious! Saw some lucious burgers being served. Will have to try one next time.  Will definitely be back!As with any outside venue, as a non-smoking asthmatic I appreciate adherence to the 50ft from door rule. I'm sure other non-poluters would appreciate as well. As seems to be the norm, smokers only care about smoking. I can appreciate that its an addiction, but think of others occasionally please.
jB9lYNGbGUMGwB1O7NLfWQ	ilJiRYZgxjrEu2iexKu-pQ	3	4	Asi-Asi ,Menza-Menza,Comme ci Comme ca...you get the jist .So -so ..(a solid so-so ).He liked the taco's ,i liked the steak salad ( it had a nice little kick to it) Service was good.The atmosphere just wasn't my cup of tea ,that said ,i can see why some people like it here .Drinks were solid,menu was decent .Good place to get hammered ,I suppose.I had a Pinneapple mind eraser that was ......
M5w8FYcnYDRRnWQriUe1Wg	sbjb1qNUcqQomJvcgPuJCg	4	15	Huh. I guess it's a love it or hate kind of place. Me? I love it. But put butter on a shoe and I might just kiss you. Oh butter, is there anything you can't do? Is there?This is one of the high roller places in Scottsdale. I saw a guy take a wad of Benjis out of his pocket that seriously made me consider rolling him. But my boss might have objected. Damn boss.It's all about service and steak here. And I'm down with that. We had crab legs for an appetizer. Quite nice for a land-locked state. Fresh and tasty. A tomato salad with sharp onion that I enjoyed. And shared a porterhouse the size of my... yes. My ass. If one could give a nice slap to a porterhouse, this would be quite a spankable piece of meat. I love the way you can hear your steak coming to your table in all it's sizzling glory. The first thing to hit your nose is the lovely perfume of the butter. Chanel # Yum. Then that aroma of the meat. I know we had a couple of sides. But I honestly can't remember because the steak was so freaking perfect. To a corn-fed born and bred midwestern girl this is perfection. The service is near perfect too. Our waitress gave us a wine selection for the steak that was spot on. Not too tanic. Not too tame. Held up nicely against the butter and the porterhouse. At the end of the meal I was I nearly unable to move. And that says a whole lot. I've been known to out eat grown men without batting an eye. Oh, and if you don't like butter on your steak? Three words. "Hold the butter." May save you some pain.
imky-vWinKwIovIKOLy4Pg	4DhqZ0tyi2V2Mp8IqTREAA	4	0	Had the Jalapeno burger.  Great stuff.If you have not eaten here yet, I highly recommend it.I've Had their Tri Tip, Beef & Pork Ribs, Pork, Brisket & Burgers along with most of their sides.  All were excellent.Their Drink specials were great as well.
uo2JYMyLjiDFI2A-W09P5w	5VMajxduxfLPSyQkVFKESg	5	0	My sister was leaving back to Texas and I decided to find a BBQ place that may have a similar taste and feel. I found this place through a Mesa newspaper ad.Anywho, as we pulled in I was like I hope this place is good. We parked in the back and walked along the side where you can order your food to go. As we waited we decided to head inside and as we walked through the dining area to the line, I was already eyeballing other peoples plates. I could see the ribs and at that point I couldn't decided on a plate, but went ahead with the plate that had everything.I ordered Ribs, Pork, and chicken and as I was ordering I seen some sausage come out of their bbq oven. So I didn't even hesitate because every since I've moved here from Texas, I have yet to find a place to have the yummy peppery tasting sausage we have back home. I asked for a piece of it for tasting and was granted a taste. Needless, to say I ordered a quarter lb with everything else I ordered.The chicken was without a doubt great smoked bbq chicken I have always wanted. Great flavor with not an overbearing smoke flavor. Also the ribs were tender and packed with flavor and smoke taste. The smoked pork was smoke tasty but a little on the sweeter side, but that was nothing the Habenero BBQ couldn't accommodate. Which is offered on the side. Oh and the bread tasted like some homemade goodness bread. As if it was fresh out of the oven with a little garlic butter. Superb! The Mac and cheese was super duper great.In Texas, we have bbq joints in every corner. I have tried it all and I will have to say this is one place I would have on my top list if we had it there.BIG bbq sauce thumbs up for this joint!!
bGn4WdIjbAD8k8BW8ywTDQ	ObnZiF99lqggVasgyGBtVA	4	0	Huge fan of this bistro. Everyday or two there is a new exotic meat that you must try.The staff is super awesome and Brant is my go to guy.I highly recommend sangria sundays, the wagyu and veggie burger are my absolute favorites. Not to mention, the sweet potato fries and Purple Haze beer. If you like sliders, this is the best place to go in scottsdale.
YD6Rk-7f6ERnYxaRHJ5LJw	j7XuypdW_w935NhjbvKPQw	3	1	This is a fun place.  It is a great place for a fast, cheap meal.  Is it truly authentic?  It is probably closer to being authentic to many places around the country. Wagamama-like?  Perhaps.  If you know how to order you will do okay here.  A great addition to restaurants in Tempe!
gNS2bQwE1LMmKQmwfK4hFw	SDwYQ6eSu1htn8vHWv128g	4	2	The main advice I would give anyone interested in dining at Postino Arcadia would be: "Prepare to Fight."  Prepare to fight for a parking space and prepare to fight for the bruschetta which is to die for.  My favorites would have to be the Smoked Salmon and Pesto, Apple and Brie, Prosciutto and Fig and Warm Artichoke.  Plus, you cannot beat a bottle of vino and 4 types of bruschetta for $20 every Monday and Tuesday after 8pm!I am also a huge fan of their Pretzel Pub Board and NYC Grilled Cheese that is companied by a Sierra Nevada Mustard, Pesto and Ketchup dipping sauces, washed down with a cold Stella Artois Lager Belgium.  These menu items have sparked inspiration for me to make similar dishes in my own kitchen more than a time or two.  So grab some good company, a bottle of vino paired with bruschetta and prepare for a relaxing-enjoyable night out.Don't forget the Affogato (vanilla bean ice cream topped with espresso) to give ya a jolt for your car ride home.
cIlGYMW2yASdTIbKkyloEw	nBrD6TxddhHx4FhMk32JvQ	5	1	Always good food and good service. Best gyros around. I know I always get speedy service so I can eat my food and not be there for hours.
4gDaN2HcH5dLwZt8WuWGNw	9ziO3NpoNTKHvIKCBFB_fQ	4	0	Tasty, large portion, culinary delight appetizers.More of a bar than a restaurant, but the food was good & trending artisanal.
LS4YZU6E_rOi4b1nO9j_3g	24V8QQWO6VaVggHdxjQQ_A	5	1	I have been here 3 times, and find it unique to Phoenix with a country French ambience without being "cute-sy." The patio is one of the loveliest we have here in Scottsdale. My daughter and I celebrated an early Mother's Day here recently. We were seated in just the right spot on the patio to tuck my grandson and his stroller in a corner next to the table. We splurged on some white sangria for lunch.....so pretty it had it's photo posted on Facebook. The Brie and Carmelized apples also came with grapes and strawberries and it was a very large serving of cheese. It could easily be a meal or feed 4 as an appetizer. We actually ran out of bread, because the Brie wheel was a nice large serving. The smoked ham sandwiches on crusty baguette are so good that I am craving them a few days later ....we used the still-warm gooey Brie on them, too. This place is just special! Plan an event, take a guest. It is a spot that will make it memorable. This was my first lunch as a new Grandmother with my daughter. My daughter is from the beach area in SCal, and she was wow'd. Thanks for the memories.......beautiful day.
MvejZPX5LiPvy9nP_nKgWw	52QtjHlHoa7V611bOvv1aw	4	1	Located in the W Hotel in Scottsdale.  Great sushi dishes and a great atmosphere.  I've only been there once but the service was great and the food was very taste and fresh.
pH-guc8jRiGJjphkXW_jbQ	r8CwFUEQtL8gAT9KHnNhuw	4	0	Teakwoods is the place to go if you are a "wings" fan!  They grill wings for crisp perfection and the flavor is so good that I don't even need ranch to dip the wing in.  I know - How can you not need ranch?  I didn't believe it until I tried it.  Everytime I go to a restaurant that offers wings, I will be comparing it to Teakwoods.
j2WBSko-r3c2ciW7NtLBvg	H9wnP4BIctmRxMq43NPgAA	5	0	We went here for my wife's birthday, and it's a rare 5-star review for me. They scored on food, presentation, service and atmosphere. We sat indoors - it's a bit hot out still - and loved the decor, including the fun pillows on our large booth seat. Service was prompt, friendly, and attentive - but we never felt rushed. They make a killer mango mojito that perfectly balances the mango, lime and rum flavors. The kurobuta pork was perfectly prepared. And after having some disappointing lobster (in Maine of all places) the Maine lobster here was done just right - firm but not tough. They serve it "lazy style" and did a great job with both claw and tail meat coming out perfectly. A special birthday souffle topped the evening off. Expensive but absolutely worth it for a special occasion.
9tzcfztV8Ab3w3VDe7ZNrg	cUaaIk_3UdeSJ54CLvrW8A	2	2	What is with the guy working there? He is seriously pissed-off every-time I go in. Actually last time I was there I walked out because he was yelling at one of the workers and it made me want to cry. I wish she would have walked out too. The time before that he was rude, not just rude, but a complete jerk to the people in front of me, what an a-hole. 2 stars because it is downstairs from my work, and it's cheap and if one of my co-workers goes to get a slice they always have my hawaiian pie.
FGVsHCT8DgeSAHd5va8FjQ	SsL60j4ut59-v-gjmM5PKQ	1	1	New N. Scottsdale location, Baaaaaaad!  The were 10 staff members milling around and there was no manager on sight.  $10.00 for a mediocre burger, with an uncooked, tasteless bun not large enough to encompass all the arugula.  They forgot the sauce, which apparently is the main ingredient.  The upgrades are ridiculous.  $1.00 here for cheese on an already "well priced" burger (btw Flemings blue cheese/bacon burger $6, best in town), $5,00 here for fries.  C'mon.  And, it's the same two hispanic guys, who don't have any idea about chef inspired food, cooking in the kitchen as every other restaurant, there is no chef For the price, you want to see the chef/owner representing, especially at a new location, and, you want competent staff who treats you as #1, and not their conversing with the other staff members as #1, and you want to enjoy what is supposed to be one of the best burgers in town!  What a disappointment.  The lack of top down management care and supervision carries through in all elements of the poor experience.  Take a pass.
a1P9XCKr5zw6ezfHsdWZqg	jQST5lkLGX9L52-A10TGTQ	5	0	My go-to restaurant for very tasty, genuine Thai food. Great lunch specials.  Favorites from the dinner menu: fish cake, tom kha soup, pad thai, hot basil, Thai iced tea
5qEbk0g7kLMab7b0JD4k1Q	Az69nueCy94SVKkWaNNR0Q	5	1	We tried this last night for our date night.  We were impressed.  The waitress was amazing in explaining the menu and making suggestions. This is a great place to relax and talk.  The food was great.  I had the Tartiflette...WOW it was so good.  My husband had the La Potence, which is their speciality.  He thought it was great...We will be back...
9tsvEP4o6y3hZmzAvJBt3g	wzIPW_XyKc2DBWdOUM5hlQ	3	2	Wanted some mexican that wasn't taco bell. The hotel recommend this place. The restaurant smelled like the inside of a tomato sauce can. I was turned off almost immediately. I decided to sit on the patio and try it out anyway.I ordered the Chipotle BBQ Chicken Chopped Salad with a light cilantro lime dressing. It was okay. The chips and salsa were okay too, nothing to brag about. The salsa tasted like it came from a can. I'm happy I ordered a salad. The redeeming factors were the Arizona Sunset Margarita and the good service. I think once restaurants turn into chains, they seem to lose their original character.
4O6rzNFfHuESYX9jAWGu_A	sbsFamEj5wDxNAjUKrMcSw	3	0	The food isn't all that. I order an Ahi Salad, which was barely touched. On the other hand, the chicken Popsicle my friends ordered were quite delightful. all in all, that atmosphere was surely enjoyable.
PzDtSkdatf6pJYKjL3WxAA	-WZIxGXJHMGidZXRhKxP3w	5	1	Best breakfast in the valley. Dinner sucks. Well, let's clarify a bit here. We've ordered blueberry pancakes, stuffed french toast, muffins, and a few other b-fast items. They were all stupidly good. For dinner, we've tried a couple dishes such as the recommended jumbalaya - SUCKS! Stay away from that canned garbage. Back to breakfast...dang, that's incredible!
Q6wHoDSBTujEHw11tFG6UQ	fK7ujDbjhRFEe2D7eIwK4w	5	0	I LOVE Kona's happy hour. Amazing deals on great sushi rolls, and the diner can always count on fast and friendly service. I am always happy with my experience at Kona, and find myself comparing it to other sushi restaurants. None can compare to Kona. Kona is the only place that offers my cherished Skinny Cucumber Mojito, and I come here often for it. I ask for this drink at other places and am always shocked that most don't even offer a skinny option, let alone the cucumber mojito. I have dined in the Scottsdale location as well as the Cherry Creek location in Denver, and both have equivalent high marks in service and food quality.
TwYCoiVHcdv8eHFl35UO4w	SvZXOhA_hIuQgR34VfVqnQ	3	0	If you want a dog and are in the area, this is a pretty good call. Having said that, it is probably not worth a special trip. You can find a better hot dog or brat at a ballpark or in the supermarket.
-DIdBhvnQRAbHzdTB5001g	-bd26a1QEEpqUZjBmtBUiQ	5	1	I love this place. I just tried the other Ethiopian restaurant in the Valley, and was disappointed, and my gratitude for Cafe Lalibela multiplied. The food here is fresh and authentic, and the staff are really nice. I'm so lucky to live down the street! Tons of vegan options, too.
ODtau4AxqBoGeEW5JGlZPw	ke3RFq3mHEAoJE_kkRNhiQ	1	0	I wrote a less than stellar review about this place some time ago and decided that my prior awful experience might have been a fluke and as I love great BBQ, decided to give them another go .....  I was right the first time!As before, the food was ho-hum at best, the prices too high vs the product quality but the death blow to me was once again, their customer service or shall I say lack of customer service?We had to ask the bartender if we could get a drink (That's odd) and all the wait staff acted like they were doing us a favor by waiting on us.To top it all off, they had little to no air conditioning so it was brutal to sit through a combination of bad food, crummy service and high heat!!!For me, this place is officially off the books and we sure won't be back. Lesson # 1: "Your in the service industry, try and acy like it"As a BBQ fan, I'll try elsewhere ...............
U7qNgkU50urGYS-ylHdVzQ	nBrD6TxddhHx4FhMk32JvQ	4	0	I like their chicago dog. It is delicious. I've had good service here because mostly the owners are almost always working and they are real nice. It's only when they are gone that you get the crummy service.
_AnWAf4wNZ1Rysla68ZRew	UxvOXcoCRFRAVhRB0D9imw	4	0	My husband got back today from New Jersey (what a relief he isn't stuck in Hurricane Irene's path anymore!) and since we were in the neighborhood we figured we'd go to Over Easy.  Read my most recent review on how that went (ie, a bust.)We stopped at Starbucks at the Safeway next to Over Easy and got our kids a pastry each while we figured out what we'd do.  I turned to trusty yelp on my droid and they said that not only was Taylor's Cafe open, they do breakfast, and they were only about a mile from where we were.  We decided to give breakfast one more try, called Taylor's and put our names on the list.When we arrived it was a little hard to find, but we called and they told us where it is.  The decor is cozy and inviting.  We waited at the bar for a few minutes while a table was readied, the manager was very attentive.  I told him what happened at Over Easy and he was horrified.  We live in Avondale, we're willing to drive for a good breakfast and also pay a bit more for good food and good service.  Let me tell you, Taylor's Cafe really turned the morning around for us!My kids each ordered an apple juice, and one got chocolate chip pancakes, the other got strawberry waffles.  Their kids menu is $8 each, but the portions are huge, it's easily something an adult would put away.  I stole a bite from each, they were very tasty and there was enough for doggie bags.My husband got a build your own omelet with 3 different cheeses and chicken sausage.  With his omelet he got 2 choices for sides, so he chose hash browns and cottage cheese (he almost went with a bagel but was pleased to hear about the cottage cheese.)  The chicken sausage was an interesting option that we had not expected.  He also ordered a mocha, which at $4 was about the size of what you'd get at Starbucks, and my husband said that it was on par with their quality.I ordered the Joe's special, intrigued by the list of ingredients.  It was flavorful and delicious.  The country potatoes were very tasty.  I ordered the homemade raspberry lemonade, it was tangy and sweet, really tasty on a hot summer day.We came to the decision on 4 stars because the food was good, but not out of this world.  They have fantastic options for the health conscious, and it seems to be popular with the patrons of a local gym because there were tons of people coming in work out gear.  There is plenty of space (you don't feel like sardines in a can), the staff is polite, competent, and professional,  and the ambiance is nice.  We will definitely be coming back.
Fg7nWFakcZUq6b_7SLUCTg	FqzgT9Y-Yu7jiWdHnGW-kQ	2	3	My favorite thing about this place is the decor. It is crazy beautiful.I also like that you can get better than average bar food until late and there are so many places to sit, you'll never have an issue with waiting.Their food is okay, but nothing spectacular. I used to live in Arcadia, and I miss it every day. If I were to move back to Phoenix/Scottsdale- I would never even consider a different neighborhood. Across the board, it is the friendliest and most beautiful neighborhood in Maricopa County.That being said- The Vig represents the lame element of the neighborhood. People with too much money and bad taste. I think someone else called it "schmoozy" and that's exactly it!As a neighbor, we usually rode our bikes- so I can't speak to parking. Do they not still have the shuttle?Give me The Great Escape, JTs or Postinos any day.
tyoq7zCRI2qYZSm1WYre1w	PwxvN0SnAGPdqXdNEYVT3g	4	0	Nice location. Good outdoor dining. Moms Pot roast good and so are sausage ravioli. Interesting drinks an some local beers. I need to check out The Bliss Burger soon.
OfDa57LfmI6piS6mNiiYSQ	JokKtdXU7zXHcr20Lrk29A	5	1	You want to go to Four Peaks. Trust me.
OLpNsrgsTSKjSgV0LLORdA	eHcQzL5eebqvKrLW5q283w	3	0	If it was possible I would give 3.5 stars.  I rounded down because the first time I ordered from here they screwed up my sandwich (I ordered a cheese hero and they gave me a ham and cheese hero - ham-stink is permanent and since I detest ham, it was a whole sandwich killer).Meatball hero was pretty good though I would not rush back to get another.  When I finally did get a cheese hero, it was delicious - this I would rush back to get.  Husband loves the Bobby.The service is a little slow so I'm going to try ordering through their website the next time.  Capriottis has definitely earned a spot in my sandwich place rotation.
kl9krJzcMmzwpcgU1K6dZQ	erBoatMp1TFi_NPxTigp6w	2	7	I personally will never eat there again.The chips are actually amazing though, I would eat those a lot if it didnt require me stpping foot in the ultimate bro/slut restaurant.The food is gross, the tortillas are ok, I like the decor actually, but the employees are slutty (and by slutty I saw skirts soo short if they picked something off the floor you for sure would see vagina)Apparently the uniform is jean skirts and heels.This is the male glittery shirt wearing capitol of Scottsdale. The food sucks, dont eat here!
sc51MxV56u9AZs4vUr4poQ	2bdKR3l4o-S1CscLqqnvVw	2	2	I like spicy. I mean I like to sweat from the bridge of my nose when I eat. When they asked how hot I wanted my green curry chicken, I did a double take. "Isn't green curry spicy by definition?" They told me they make it in varying degrees of spiciness for the ASU crowd. While I disagree with diluting the authenticity of the traditional preparation, I get it - they have a business to run. What I really don't like is how they do it. They make a mild green curry...er, no, green sauce. Then, upon ordering, they add a certain amount of red chili flakes depending on how spicy you want it. This is not only upsetting philosophically, but chili flakes need time to cook in a curry - you don't just drop in, stir and serve. I get the sense that this problem is rampant in Arizona; hope to find a solution soon.
ZCOOaurp2P9HX_9aZ71mrg	UE4h9OXNzNInmxseAkUihw	5	0	We went here once a week for the year my husband was in grad school.   The food is a 4, but the waitresses are a 5.   It was a half mile from our apartment and so we would walk there and walk back to work off the huge portions.    This is the only restaurant in my life where I could consider myself a regular.   We never really talked with the waitresses or knew their names, but they always knew what I wanted; I didn't have to order.  They always gave me water with no ice no lemon, my husband's with ice and lemon, gave me my panang curry with chicken medium and waited for my husband to choose what he wanted. He probably ordered most of the items on the menu.  They refilled my rice if I ran out without asking.  Our bill always came to $19.53 for dinner more times than I can remember.  We went maybe twice for lunch, but almost always for dinner.  My husband graduated last month and we moved from Tempe but we miss this place dearly.
8r534MSRuysYm-5nzXwpwQ	FKHv7FkblONv9qqBndJUrg	3	3	Service was great, and always an interesting time on a late Saturday night.
pm53JoxSbYnVPfbbEn5cqg	MLAnvEcvDfOWELHUN_0xEw	3	1	Preface: I'm being nice3 stars is an OK rating and I don't want my opinions to skew the rating scale but a 2.5 star option if available would be welcome, again I'm being nice.This place is terrible. (I might be exaggerating)  I have heard horrible stories about the brewery in Tucson, how the beer is fine but the food is absolute crap.  I figured hey they are moving to Scottsdale in an area with an insane amount of delicious dining establishments, they have to of retooled that menu ... they didn't.  The beer honestly is good not great 4peaks IMO is at least 2x better (again being nice) but I respect a local presence and craft beer so I cant knock them for trying and building a successful brand.That being said the food is really nothing special at all, they offer pairings like mac and cheese pizza (too gross to try) to things like salmon and steak (too fancy for here).  I tried a burger, usually safe with a mix of sweet potato and regular fries.  I also had the monkey shine which has the highest alcohol content (something I am supportive of) and even after that beer the food disappointed (how can that be?!).  It wasn't that the burger was horrible but it just wasn't anything special, it was bland and I got the western that had tons of stuff on it.   The biggest problem was the fries which ironically seemed to come out of the frozen food section of a local Frys Food and Drug (not even a signature, Kroger brand - house brand aka the worst).  A friend joining me had the wings, the wings were actually pretty good but they were wings and wings are gonna be good in a place like this especially after some beer so I feel that we should take that for what its worth.With mediocre food at best and OK beer I don't see any reason to go here over 4 peaks.Improve your menu and I'll give you another shot. :)
31jBo2afBbzqvGePhchbTQ	WNy1uzcmm_UHmTyR--o5IA	2	2	I want to give the Cornish Pasty Company another star, but I can't quite do it...The pasties I order are REALLY good... They have a fine beer selection (including Mickey's Big-Mouths) and a few cocktail options... Most of the sides and desserts are pretty solid.I tend to stick with and very much enjoy the more traditional pasties like The Oggie, and the Cottage Pie (OK, OK... I love the Royale with Cheese, too). However, some of the "premium" pasties like the Pesto Chicken and the Salmon pasty are a bit funky to me. Even that, I can write off to personal preference.What really keeps the CPC from getting another star or two is the restaurant itself. It's a long, narrow space, 75% of which is divided by a bar. Seating is along the wall or at the bar, with a few larger tables in the back. On the other side of the bar from the customers is where ALL of the restaurant operations take place; cooking, cleaning, prep, and bar. If one is sitting at the bar, this intersection of consumption with infrastructure is often a bit too much like watching sausage being made. I don't really expect a fine dining experience at a place like the Cornish Pasty, but I really don't need to hear the dishes crashing into the sink and i don't need to see all the potential for cross-contamination (food preparation right next to the dirty dishes and raw meat right next to the beer glasses). My worst experience was arriving late and sitting at the bar while they were cleaning the "kitchen" area and still serving food. It was really noisy, the refrigerator light kept blinding me, and the smell of cleaning chemicals was so strong that it made it impossible for me to even think about enjoying the pasty. I walked out after about 4 bites...I've wanted to go back several times, because I do enjoy the food and beer options, and finally went back last Friday. The food was as good as it's ever been but the environment will still make me think 2 or 3 times before heading back.Maybe I'll just have to take advantage of their take-out and stop at Tops liquor on my way home for the Hoegaarden...
gh5sIOtS5Mnx5JVkAfkkCg	4_xxWpQKhBWhAOvfVPmFXQ	4	1	Yummy, fast, fairly priced, and great service! I'll be back!!
R-A_xfOHueyQ7D29-X5uVA	lEUsYkm-IHF8_hJTAJDjHw	4	1	Surprisingly good!  I tried the strawberry lemonade and the caramel french toast.  Each had flavor through the cake and frosting, shockingly unusual to find in cupcakes, and plenty of frosting.  I will bring my sweet pea back for a treat.
S5klRJ_7SMjyKaOiXpMNhA	vvA3fbps4F9nGlAEYKk_sA	1	2	Groupon rip-off. Small salad, three extremely small plates of mediocre pasta desserts that cloyed the palate. All for an advertised value of $90. Will NEVER return.
IBE1v0VGkiOa6U1vsOkuQQ	fOup98Vso87ERYQ_6eYmeQ	4	0	I had a date in January here with Jen.  We got the meat pizza, which was great.  I thought our date was pretty good, but wasn't quite up to the hype of our texting and online chatting.  She was very talkative and definitely an adventurous extrovert.  She lived in New York (Appropriate NYPD PIzza topic) for a few years to be close to theater, but moved back to Arizona because of lack of money.  It was another unsuccessful first date, not leading to a second date.  Overall, I recommend the pizza and the service was excellent.
DWNmN4B5gU1flemlxdKH7g	AqbgC7Gul5Es1rRzGNLDFA	2	1	You would think with the economy being what it is today, it would be easy for any establishment to hire semi-intelligent people to run the register. I went into sprinkles to taste some of their fall specials and I walked into a scene that was beyond depressing. My first experience with Sprinkles is when I lived in LA. You couldn't get a cupcake without waiting in line at least 30 minutes. Scottsdale, you have 4 perky girls greeting you, with their cupcake themed baby tees the minute you walk through the door. The trays were empty and the selection was bare at best. I ordered 4 cupcakes. NOT rocket science. 1-2-3-4 There was one other woman waiting for a large order, a couple dozen at least. The dingbat ringing us up tried to charge me over $80 for 4 cupcakes!! Whoa! "Are you sure those are mine?" Her response was "is your name Susan?" No it is not. She gives me a blank look like she saw a ghost. So this is uncomfortable. I kindly nudged her by saying "I think my total should be in the $13 range, I only got 4 cupcakes. " "The tag says you got 4 dozen." (i can't remember the exact qty) Now Red Velvet (remember the themed shirts?) is testing my patience. Is that still Susan's order? Oh duh! Now we get it! After all that I get the cupcakes home, and they are dryer than a popcorn fart. Disappointing.
_HxVPw7sjeKO8mdd8Z-7TA	3wLLf8wRqD1ZQowi9aZSoA	5	1	we rode our bikes here today in search of a new place to try. the online menu looked like it had a few options for non-meat eaters (although it is very much a meat heavy menu). for an easter sunday lunch, it was very empty, not a good sign. but we had no wait and they easily passed the water glass test. our server was very attentive and checked on us throughout the meal without being overbearing. the decor is "country" but not like cracker barrel....more like neo farm dining. i had the blackened fish sandwich, which was cooked really well, nice and seared but juicy, topped with onion, pickles, tomatoes and butter lettuce. i had the jalpeno and cheese grits on the side and they were rich and creamy with just a slight hint of heat...nothing to burn your mouth. my wife had the tuna sandwich, which was also tasty and seared just right. she did have to navigate a big piece of fascia which is not that delectable, but it was her dish, not mine. her side of gigantic asparagus tasted wonderful. i would love to come back here and hope they are able to make it here. well worth the bike ride.
ssrgeWnGY_bb-TyrShidmw	-5rFC4EVrT-v8g1PSEf6Xg	4	1	The decor and ambience was very pleasant.  The staff was very friendly and attentive.   Granted, it was a Monday night and my wife and I were only one of three parties in the restaurant.   We ordered the hot and sour soup, the puu puu platter (sp?), chicken chow mein, and the curry chicken.  Everything was terrific.  The hot and sour soup surprised me - I'm not normally a very big soup fan but I thoroughly enjoyed it both at the restaurant and as left-overs the next day.     The portions of all of the orders were very big.  We had left-overs for three additional meals.
jyVAxH_cInITZQ_Xvb5Biw	MPziC5MO2QQiYVAMM3fdSw	5	1	Okay, I will start out by saying that I just picked this place out because it was near a bar we were going to afterward.  Boy Howdy, am I glad I found this little gem!  Upon entering I was overwhelmed with the idea that we were in an Italian friend's grandma's circa 1980's dining room.  It was quaint.  It was old school.  It kinda made me a little nervous!The general feel of the waiter we had was extremely laid back.  Traditional Italian dude who was a little tardy in checking back, etc.  Our water glass was NEVER refilled.  Got a little more nervous.They brought out really good looking bread and poured some herbed olive oil out for me (I declined because I have celiac disease and can't have regular bread.).  My husband said the bread and the olive oil was amazing.  I had called ahead and they said they had many gluten free options.I ordered the Chicken al Berto.  My husband ordered veal and a side of spaghetti with meat sauce.  We started with a Tomato Caprese appetizer.  The tomato was slightly under ripe but the mozza and basil made up for it...and in the center was a bunch of roasted red peppers which totally made the dish!  Nom nom nom.  The balsamic was excellent as well.  I must now do peppers with my Caprese!Then our entrees came out.  My chicken had fontina cheese, pancetta and spinach.  There was a little line of mushrooms in a marsala sauce which I'm not sure if it was supposed to be there or not.  I'm super happy it was!  This is close to if not the BEST chicken dish I've eaten.  The chicken was moist which is usually questionable in Italian restaurants I've found.  The quality of the Fontina cheese was impeccable.  The pancetta was crisp and plentiful.  Then I tasted the mushrooms!!!! OMG!!  Freaking amazing!  I may have to try the Chicken Marsala sometime just to have more mushrooms!  Divine.  It took a while to eat, mainly due to the waiter's "chill" attitude but we shall go back again and again and again.  I don't care if you don't get anything included with your main entree.  The portion of entrees were HUGE.  My husband loved both his veal dish and said the meat sauce was one of the best he's had.  Fresh, fresh, fresh.It's on my new list of first priority restaurants.  And I think the prices were pretty good.  Less than $15 for my chicken, $20 for the veal and $10 for the Caprese.  I'm so there next week!Oh, and put your phone on vibrate.  They kind of insist!  And